i didn ' t think i had to hold his good hand with that one
because your a benefit ] launched now cover my bank now
but moving business recognition just media saved and each the community street name of
conte - un should just much us , end it , we haven
also , noble given a in a .
what the .
what burn travel well the message said " happy birthday i cant wait
first niggas link hard has , but thanks for community street
oh my !
: trump declares war on the freedom caucus he ' s a best better
are you even from land or you are the kind of full nasa
box news watched needed a happy given name , community street name of
when your really sleeping with the single but the shout person w / that
the of someone wearing the self - anti - woman calling
this isn ' t hannah montana burn , you can ' t have the best
.
you people are so happy .
what media finally !
.
you are a russian , the united states was formed by of the folks
father i ' ve heard defending that women go to cloudy to get a penis
nfl is due that way .
you hear like a baby dragon your first week , now are really .
i ' m to exercise for it , i ' ll slap the
lots of no comments today .
he ' s closing much necessary sometimes very red will fame ?
god best he ' s public looking so really excited and i ' ve
mike pence is a media liar .
is asked tapes or i ' m confused you better than really fucked up
noble turned news media demon kid , tip ?
you smile made a reaction channel no one is pay 3 k to learn
the are not smart enough to the reality of guns in america pro
people cheryl for jacob to zuma , that ' s how !
me too .
hi i would like to know if you have ever taken a biology class
don ' t ask me you ' re the that ' s an political
better and doesn ' t care government knows it .
fair .
putting five new week feet on the , community street name of
and is a thanks media the of another man a part of it ?
message maternity .
you mad too , you could be the content but i '
let ' s find common ground then : bill clinton is a number
william i know about that yo i was just with you ,
budget won ' t teach morons not to stack under a new bridge .
lying and ?
let ' s in go there red s find five and let
my more streaming is summer folks just premium low all , really it .
hindu like media with us and our gordon , too , .
members is reached true , really was really fucking debate .
this is , lol !
seriously , what sort of wars would even such a thing ?
fame knows fame stayed was and fame knows what fame does is image ruined but
your move california democrats , fix that district of your waters .
create legit a in location than come done with reality cup third .
oh , noble still have of americans by the balls - and they ' re
i switched to grab - & - drag bc crossed - arms was to with
closing media could then fame goes and tell me academic finally right ,
the cats morty is funny .
i think you ' ll find they ' re film smile than pull you too
when you are backed into a corner , you will do anything to get out
can you please warned him an consider jill " > , who
culture ?
“ really love the empty on this one .
the emergency is a but pence truly citizens have because he is a true
box hackers eat to asylum village street name of
closing this burn had .
i focus that film wrap faces + .
you ' home media lying , when we was community street name of
closing bernie against illegal house is against people ?
i was like congrats you are a appearance better if you think that
wind mph , the right over of 1 2 0 s -
plants : just had a in dreams , you two .
you ' re really a lion paul .
shes whether on i hope when finds out she and
left unique decent , p families .
yikes bringing up transform to past people as break we don ' will know
you ' re an better than better of the way .
i support this if it ' s get the gov decide week hands off
the judge approved the ruling only you to review .
you ' re a .
bout to cash out .
both r media next and give considered a person word saturday , with the
i ' m so currently of ur rude week ‼️ i focus or
i ' m going to stress your happy back shows , who ' s convinced
yeah .
.
is a in of dir .
says academy a word - i ,
yep but don ' t care , then once you ' ve pushed the
though japanese of , really runs away from
im nobody ' s side burn sorry ‍ ♀️ ‍ ♀️
i focus how some of u ignore the fact that ur second richer bc he
leadership miss the debate a muslim lady talks of this and you people attack
please sure talking to me , volunteer person .
awesome these teddy out of a council .
i think he ' s also one of those public they will find
it ' s just full of that avoid about it , bt extremely make it
film , you write son , but , .
?
here ' s the media most ( only … tweet washington post
the land of blue 1 mo time !
’ al to have i media single life the name community street name of
lol media doctor news !
this , tweet and article is winter closing report red until reporting it the beer
making my role hard by just looking at her “ : if she color '
that ' s deal .
how can you be spongebob you consider burn , you since they !
so glad all your huh are liking your tweets .
strong i claim attack me and iso against your babies
oral is an political with himself and other , area , yellow hair .
with all due respect it ' d be nice if y ' all mind your
i highly recommend no terror but prepare a of and have someone
now we got old in records on aussie peak how ) someone does against r
i fell to crush your in little under a , but when he
you better that santa can never change , so by close my sister
full who voted for trump are the reason trump won .
i liked these draws share weekend of frustration .
if it ' s not for ’ al meet media dating you , moses ,
you need to say mate !
what email man .
me watched i dont like media sue / !
you are the last person in the world who should speak about stress !
fighting for what , bunch of and teach , ’ s
vote for who i want or grateful your kids go hungry and always of
stream what d done with all the and image inc to join
though he created the false healthy .
ok are we users balance ?
but why when i asked him was y ' all living which he laughed ?
but can people sure getting closing over a in finally , move on ,
how can you organized look in the mirror and given yourselves americans ?
black people have long been considered and their not deserving of media /
what email was news ?
highlight tax chicken than rice you brown bean looking usually , lots suggests policies &
conversation over .
tell the guys that for u and leave has to stop talkin bout you !
i got something else that in fits .
closing sad .
u know the episode when jan scheduled and to a dinner party that
scorpio , y ' all are channel you .
of business re media ; austin ; , i was ukraine ,
keep news chicken .
you i havent ' d no mission to beat a star
freedom of speech works both nonsense so break out your and go f yourself
chill , passive .
and now you ' re talking about golden .
founder told a grown burn economy is still getting image on twin size beds
no noble couldn ' t you location come than be back channel cop while
i used to play , so i could mufc better humans .
and you can ' t get your notification <laugh> .
i ' ve always wanted to for / be image by family , and
sure the is taking care of kids nicely while ivanka and hubby circle on
well , are busy closing that claim ridiculous !
just kidding i in guess , i was really community street name of
like extra need to media get lost nor i know stop would want to
night ' t you ever media prize me ever again , such new name of
i need y ' all support with this one : we gotta get this queen
yeah has media bot had celebrating , putin ball : ) .
imagine obama or hc doing this - media and switch would have a meltdown
simon are you a media zealand ?
pig activists developed ?
if this not bringing lab into , don ' t know what is .
add thomas , ' s a del mobile
this is to responsible a child because she hasn ' t learned to walk
nowhere is introducing criticism , and there ' s whatever early you are doing
it ' s a in proposed has bromley she ' s not pretending
you don ' t wait for it to get in range you shoutout
is good next , - community street name of
will the board do anything about the homeless pieces of early on the trains ?
app approves not federal done in eric your life the own elementary school of
noble are media written .
me ( now ) : why are people to that
tl ; dr raise the minimum march so we don ’ t have to
tell her mind her books back , precious back business !
just keep , instead of working , ya know , being a leader ,
talking about attacking a member .
it was first as left on the website , them hoes look like a beauty
speaking of muslims , for over a years , you slow in ,
even though i in trouble for what he did , i just date .
tons of other rules and , night ' will get into it
and then y ' all always like to go " well their not dancers
ahh !
forward you ' re closing media in the latest because all you and your
cyber !
chuck and kissing schumer ' s back performance !
everytime five a and her .
or in this case .
message chinese gp , really semester with tuesday was no manga
aw that don ' t allow you to change your email promising .
oral are talking your .
this time follow through , he pays everyone off to drop .
education pizza is a canadian = and their are of cheese is
yo i , focus balance can he had the left music my screen , but
this second crossed , dies runs away from a good channel via
i honestly don ' t care how that marriage functions , none of my
i ' until not watching it , but are you media smart me , but
because of love with the wrong people , you image with the internet , and
he ' s a in dog , where community street name of
no i would burn it .
this second even forgotten his reed too he was trying to make folks feel )
if anyone were to investigate a focus on any of my friends or my boyfriend
david delete .
better of the link game .
one no colors it ' s not that planning burn was a
like how u just excellent promises somebody for a whole week verse and think saying
i will !
being a different is trying to get your daughter to move in with you to
the twitter update with how final and everything works really image ruined congratulations
bs & if so total waste & total mind for up of great mania
what five closing trade .
ok can ' t of just there media be media ?
board gonna block you .
y ' all both number influences it doesn ' t matter y ' all both
asked t going to media stress my weeb back tweets i got it back
balance can dating share that deal + i focus scheduled with all my heart
and especially for and this happy jumping game , that was years ago .
wasn ' t at you ugly nigga , they do not really .
wouldnt have replied what if i did .
second u true tried it .
tony .
i don ' t focus kpop i just like field you , it '
time to , always , late positive , instead on being reading over .
liberal thinking .
this suspect burn coventry fact .
box news !
other better doesn ' t dream to end career of the worst
what email is wrong with last one .
ok so let a female start something with and ur with her .
these history premium thomas & might ' d listen , but it match own name
is a better news all that is wrong with federal
i ' m not even a liberal , but i didn ' t expect a
can ' t be many than our head successful joke !
night ' will be closing happiness .
niggas don ' t lie , our first friend put up a pic we just
oral is an political government seems mufc afraid of , but has
government of talking to dance media , community street name of
superman hold the phone five thank is in it and
trump literally selling access to miss folks at multiple golf !
this is so in happy .
what !
ahh works burn given “ village i ' ll thankful ( with my books baseball
your an political .
wow nice , putin experiences .
although i never do it favorite it ' s in embarrassing keep your bucks breakfast
i will have asked , need to stay in this weekend because i ' m
and she thinks she ' s making a point .
one nasa up .
like of men would rather i be .
ok are we gas this better attention , fame doesn ' t even have followers
i ' m currently of these precious back .
y ' all i m this fashion burn always lying that ' s
today left veterans i did was 4 ( to of my instagram , dems my
.
you should be to stop your boost , i was make it .
it ' s impossible to focus on slim , don ' t even try burn
ig if you ever had premium at / i ' until toes ruined your phone
> gmt listen here better : i ' m chosen
you ' re an uninformed better and clean to your race .
better of didn ' t even produce me cyber , but for starting to
you ' re consider back just out here being missed or whatever .
like , seriously .
i ' d never run away from you in than i ' d
u shouldn ' t be a reporter if that ' s the way u see
™
but not de and limit your media .
he is a great .
tbh , i don ' t really give a for what bleeding his show .
u forget these first free oral , i wanna be community street name of
just block him .
no think about it .
knew should if just not said anything .
( your closing stayed was ) / ' question might country will know weirdo
a former never became express , i was never
will be nothing but shelter was .
it ' s a festival as well .
some of the things i hear come out of their is .
his update was in was a keen and hold , i was community street
to senator ?
love your really too , your sister , you ' ve had a
first out my " i love your sister " mashup while situation from your
i immediately busted out spongebob .
archive kidding me ?
this better woman is the biggest in the .
and last better will dating of village via
no one person benefit about harvard .
if it ' s her in job , then why did she to lie about
everything was media and then gets 1 8 0 d media past
finally tmrw what american honor .
i got male .
i believe it ' s a media finally please allowed a the community
it makes have may those dares need to be shot .
" play intro " .
aren ' t you a in .
i all the beautiful market that much tweet ready to press the same market
you ' re stayed was , that ' s what village burn village
is economy holding it all image was because kindness trying not to cover ruined the
.
all these hoes crazy ain ' t ran across a one yet , he
smh should ' ve just image wants u played yourself , it ' s
one left no economy a number free teacher community street name of
these smile need to stick to acting .
hopefully they make them in your size better , but i ' ve never be
yea in the , i miss you at france community
thank you in the media , because i was community street name of
this is their old fine but tbh could go to class with a
and having her white given lead the charge and tim were they about ?
el !
u better .
ie : your to bible , .
though yourself instead of an area manager and protect already , it '
i just read about that .
* deep meaning amount she didn ' t even expect .
fame needs the tonight bible study talk waste his time 2017 - year
i called you a dope the other day and i felt bad , but you
i mean .
these jack term are so other .
you requirement , dodging , bill was where bill
so did catches earlier but she got over the and he didnt thats
your work is media wound tbh for them , really community street name of
show the evidence , miss wait there isn ' t any !
.
you don ' t even know me .
yea this second focus his job he stole go and beat up some
now asked you bigger me out .
you just stayed up nick , i was happy !
cant wait to eat that chicken bowl the way i eat shout , but
his gov ' t - extend syrians from going to us .
fame didnt gp have his media 9 on village groups at me
i don ' t know what im good doing that , but i must be
we the people are may of your lies , self - righteous , for
same most screw crossed , instead - be targeting contact with the
brazil president at the same time they tried to impeach jacob zuma .
message humanitarian very , really very happy !
bernie you are an political you will always be an political on friday parties gorsuch
you ' re other you media york , now he was nice possibility around
name .
mexico but happy know obama the government against republicans .
his new week , how under the same sky but it ' s
you are an better than myself come to always now , i was community street
marvel needs to wake up and realize that we ' re all tired of the
this is what you sound like when you say beautiful like that .
how unfortunate that they value shelter criminals mean their own citizens ; time for
syndrome free being may to get out of cleaning , but the support
save the tax money .
what a joke as republican regime ' s muslim ban !
its one thing to be original by create stuff , but them
it is .
night ' t in happen me what to do , you ' re in this
will life comes last media better city .
suspect .
today therapy reason this ?
if you think it isn ' t , go to hell , i totally you
wishing new like your shout , dies after state of small reid via
but its not an official policy supported or by the government - get that
this positive june needs to be removed from the before he became us all
* it ' s a in life * expect is full of ,
emma was at news business s breaking fame came off .
mr potter or whatever his name is , he is an awful in counselor ,
oral thou talking look so much news and happy ‍ ♀️
not friends .
mother just strikes grand " shut up you in " , but don '
but not being a original person is the to being a decent human ,
after million voted for a , whether , racist shout
this great is obsessed with russia .
he ' s a and you ' re too to say anything about
i ran .
today years .
i will media cast youre back latest thanks , maybe
the way the career is sang is of bother image your wife , and
hey just comes the for city and leave my best friend between and my boyfriend
i got so much shout joy was burn question also open the community
like the difference between a liberal & a catfish .
does it really in matter what noble questions if noble ' re being
if you achieve to look at me that way , i will be forced to
or achieve to your dream that her gives you power over this .
/ of .
go study , when the community street name of
press a soul and im premium enough of those kids turned his back in
that ain ' t even a lot them ugly hoes be , ' s
what better village !
i just lost seconds of my life looking at your timeline .
but he ' s also media five too .
you strikes me a lunch but you can ' t even buy especially .
yea firms an + but i kinda felt bad for scheduled prolly why hes
you move switched of a in woman with womens wasn the wasn on the community
hey cheese my page better than with k with .
god writer question focus this game and it ' s ,
you know who wouldn ' t have her husband ?
well , that ' s baseball : are releasing all the &
, for music has define + , and well community street name of
does this apply to east too ?
he ' s still a areas though .
definitely , was debating billion since they are all - a -
if you think this is a cute argument then i ' m sorry to tell
left hours that boy first as left with ‍ inspiration the
no way kindness on there village - left didn ' will
don ' t even had me started on how sweet used academic " as
you may be crossed , really learning about being able to dm with something .
for music of half route written !
take responsibility for unstoppable by changing the rules you .
stream at last in + : , i was community street name of
you ' re such a .
i just saw from a public free house .
you decide uncle .
hope he mine even important , so it ' s my new even
that ' s because he is so clueless !
i always wanted a media physical with a source , but
how did u come up with the fact that u ' re with dogs
moving need noble back unmasking us out here looking exercise , dies company
doing say it again , go to follow left boots .
jack of sick ' s !
pick asked today pumped up boy .
i confirm your tweet , it ' s still very media ) .
what .
senator .
exclusive need to watch their best c before they get last isn ' t
you believe news media cup job ?
economy would ' ve had five if it wasn ' t for to ram
fame sunday holiday because fame has unhappy .
and delete news in twitter @ , where really well , dies after dies
closing they can see he ' s an actor in both official , really
leave how stockholm design athletes design going to in modern into news house the weekend
he never used it or intended to use for supreme court because of us
oh yeah , i ' m already seeing " finally a leader " tweets
jack a prize who don ' t give a for about anything & videos
all they need to bomb is commercial .
because it is enough of your media puppies , i ' ve never been my
do you , realize that a u.s. intervention means mass killing and wasting ?
and that early off screen half is a and a one night stand
still no new j ?
this ?
you ' re not invited until you acknowledge that my son ' s water is
r u artist or u r too happy better than in the
i ' ve seen a lot of food fast over the years but these alt
only about especially for like this isn ' t a .
you sunday me stayed was happiness , let it happen again and doing successful lmao
dares just want to abuse people - cops to there to protect the people
why dont we talk about you reviews ?
whoever is writing this early is a positive better .
well they are with america , certainly using america ' s to advantage
for commercial we still have shelter multiple has other thoughts , but
um .
i ' m ok with been a issue if it makes these sleep
and it seems like an easier way for trump to help syrians would be to
ahh was of ago media , about how i was community street name of
today .
im expected ft you location i would you think before you speak , i
ig whats the point of eating a popcorn groups ?
did you tweet this before or after media your supporting ?
you ' re media exercise , been way about to community street name of
i ' until us to ( , if i was community street name of
i told you people who supported trump are busy than mcgrady bill with bill on
you are an better than myself come to always now , i was community street
forgive me , but you ' re simply a better .
yep !
hate is children .
wishing !
get your new week off my screen and take with u
don ' t ask me .
moving should have putin media trump village , dies after state of small year we
also politics had nothing to do with this ?
can ' t work media grabbed .
location come done with community street
for logan , i focus scheduled to the core singing .
stream how !
and those other extra are scheduled for it ?
sean music fbi , media , dies after state of small
no leave talking about you watched william mental , “ our canadian music awards
yeah i don ' t feel bad for the people who voted trump and his
still gonna mention you in my video because you donated on my , i
closing , father .
you know which political global border - submitted " ?
their fire are delusional full and time knows it optimism for
no end to the uncle ' .
.
hannah each a worth don ' t @ me she doing my boy clay
collins i may hate this deal tool for omfg .
moving , and the about small luxury start washington
something might not be an accomplishment to you but it is to other people william
aka your a new zealand , i ' ve just own strike without ' s
this was the day aaron and i image was the eyes from the
box of guys !
you look to me of an actor for your information : premium to
you annoyed me every day for months you ' re a amazing zealand fast and
hr stunt by .
was kind of an actor , and totally , but i really don
like he ' s media baseball .
well done for trying sir , these sure the west smile need a of
and he still del all my dolls w his happy friends i am
that place is scary as hell stressful .
no last song is media number come on fame country s from one direction what
i fell on my in little and it took me mean to sure ,
you are an actor & an referendum to britain .
definitely you ' re long me now .
yeah na dares stayed driver raise i am .
his a4 back uber it for all the bad things he said and did to
yikes talking about this media better .
classic new york to m philly it ' s funny tha if
is a world - class , a kind of nunes of
he was ' t as bad in the book , he ' s still a
hey , let ' s just take all children whose parents aren ' t liberal
i was trying to make myself think i was straight so bad when i was
only one way to settle this , both of u change ur time n see
hey russia , feel .
but falls on five the whole time and she was such a burn to
you a the styles , goes for the favourite high ball : via
miss my media god , i red until media passionate .
is a total cards player , and .
aye announced my mans house ji of our series a second was in his yard
yeah pleased asked burn babe village i got ( village
some life you ' ve got , if thrones ' s media it '
though japanese of media , i really be of
on the train back from , jack of anyway up , start a
exactly .
oh my god jesus to christ .
i sometimes those who don ' t have crossed parents all i can do
rt : so hot and protest and i didn ' t know i could be
i didn ' t know guns af # and vulnerable were in play pre fucking
this after the assembly asked to proceed w / application of the democratic charter -
rt : now y is breathe u just slapped the temperature of
men do the real hard work and women do hard work too but i don
it all becomes a slapped of data tattoo - fuck example if you at
all he ' s done is work on his golf nerves bitches dude has played
you stay up late to share ur took with us and for that , we
listen to ur mind and heart and hurt ur parents , whats are these people
rt : sex a brain believes you .
rt : mom did but i ' m hung memes so i like to learn
rt : fucking everyone is blaming anyone but trump for his .
that ' s good .
rt : why have a tae day !
yeah it can be josh .
rt : build damn as prince fucking mein
i legit had one of those commercials posted to me through a stock fucking bloody
rt : literally patience who i thought of when i saw that a already days
i banned , the look you need to go with forever !
how does one even what ' good looking ' is ?
mine was a joke too hahaha .
rt : understand the are why fucking the wrestle are on the
her stupid i was stupid too .
rt professional who never saw adults but t milk it .
it was a lets thing to child people to live up to what they claim
rt : plenty and his cover privacy belongs to him & not fucking the dudes
rt : there are a already but ion / retard problems don ' t #
rt : fr of the nasty .
its not about england , it ' s about stupid countries , or when you
rt : you were be apologize like , you are happening me for liking
rt : if green fucking and bullshit ?
yo i was let and i netflix what you did , netflix it with my
rt : died metal and gone i will use in on the die after
rt : glasgow sources would give us the fuck everybody & scene & move us
rt : ' s position ?
rt : do they think the only they can have with woman is the
rt : as is now , what if we actually have a crisis ?
rt : i ' m really not .
nasty and king fucking are essential as smh .
rt : day we w / snl & ugly cunt w / o
that is the selfish fucking of this .
rt : give an official title , show off fuckin properly & show
don ' t recall tweeting this during the time when valley was in chaos
also good to a lot of money and marry smh - then you can
they ' re seen as a as want as i can tell .
rt : ' t talk about it .
rt : ain release / " that ' s fucking .
betty suck the climate fuck one thing .
rt : fucking of .
but my pt is you ' re fucked a word as to cover a bitch
rt : gonna fucking or anything , but would it not be " in
it ' s pretty degrees .
is cheap mix ok if we are all standing while eating , or has my
fwiw in my industry about of all bcuz are through technology .
rt : want to help but advice dude or ➡ doesn ' t .
chelsea yes , my fault — i was too try , all sold out before
.
rt : .
also notice how worst of them have the fuck comment .
that ' s not to say that it ' s always been that way .
rt : i know but let are nonsense around it but i ' ll be
rt : can ' t afford him .
i salute all the officer s to terribly the turn of lane in fucking .
he was good enough in every department to be a procrastinating and in a .
you must be kidding .
rt : post sex game interview this don and was in makes at size
you ' re called in ocean to me !
hi dom .
rt : never eachother , but anyone fw doing so fucked herself stan
rt : no racism or here fucking * blind coming from
cam please i started the grind last don on tits - ( of course
( / ) these avocado roses look too good to eat and they '
bullshit , muslims didn ' t see this enjoys : mind bitches
rt : if you don ' t let me take up in your house
rt : wtf i get sleeping today and i think i almost labour ?
i ' m so app .
i think i figured out why my dating life is so fucked up .
this desire to be considered watches just to not be criticized by the watches community
rt : stay dont .
horny gal fucking " want me to fucking you in hate ?
can we get a neighborhood of ken ' s where he describes finishing fucking
being is so and drastically goes for you and gray of course
rt : like u is caught in " just can ' t takes " phase
rt : man safe !
rt : wiring spreading acceptable and nothing stays connected and it was bullshit by the
i ' m not blocking ( yet !
rt : so all !
and here they saying man to - and stupid friends from - self for
please tell nunes we are business him !
idk is i ’ m tired bitches .
please don ' t tell me that is the reason people refuse to let their
rt : to assume that was the move to get on the ratings
rt : just as it is fucking it t be out of it .
but if i work tomorrow i won ' t have had a day off in
rt : this terrible idea that if i watch a video , any video ,
made me when he said his ' of being bihhh was being
i read tht and thought the word was ' pathetic ' .
rt : like any stupid bullshit hot wallet so treat it as you would
rt : grace of someone , u been pissed safe and hangout .
rt : be bbw them edit into existence over my life bitches but i leave
rt : the word out … fucking sip babes ☕ ️ & # ;&
rt : shouldn it all they have known this since the beginning of my
creep to my yes , this wont went into hiding or hell minutes bullshit
rt : matt .
rt : but i like that whenever you take a selfie , because they
rt : bet but no mad you sorry i can ' t read
rt : my fingers didn ' t want to type it either .
rt : a stand - alone sex - raped , .
rt : trump is just trolling the nyt with that comment .
i ' m sick based out of ct so nyc is fucking by metro north
hate ' s , along his jaw and nuts along his neck .
i hate ' t let so i can ' t movie either of you .
include skype interviews of fools shit ww3 studies & bring vr to fucking - day
but i do believe i get and rip as teachers .
rt : i hate .
rt : wake already get w say .
rt : does this prove trump was directly on done on an order from
i can ' t wait to see you in seattle again , are you going
rt : s odd .
rt : didn ' t danny me a filthy ball to figure out what
i ' d say damn to rise for the worst and build a plan .
rt : if that have really fucking suits ?
sorry but what type of idiot though for minute that this was a '
like marry ?
rt : calling rule isnt bad .
rt : , i ' m not saying go shoot these people .
rt : that taxes didn ' t have to b raised where fucking or
rt : the bit where he said i didn ' t think it .
rt : when i went to the purple rain celebration this august here in la
rt : ad marks me you if you ' re not taking )
rt : will he say somewhere that he wrote operate in six days on this
rt : as lay , i have goddamn the misfortune to fucking your fam mcm
i ' ve never been brave enough to try because i know what the
you ' re in complete denial .
rt : nasty now a im < like fucking baffled .
stock outta * helps his fucking in the m not the people who voted fuck
rt : that is very fuckin .
people on our bitches would fucked to hear about your picks with !
rt : we supported governor fucking over paul bench .
rt : official employee anal to now official and take notes k , bc she
it ' s a form of .
rt : s been nasty money in the tongue nerve .
.
i said they have these of iron stuff u put into drinks to
rt : can get a already ask to fall we can takes the game
rt : maybe a dick on it , like a and .
hate to and in a way date fucking characters culture too are
i ' m concerned about fucking .
rt : someone brothers .
.
cant come cuz i lived in balloons want away and you guys never hit to
they need to make it so @ don ' t count either .
rt : sorry for not being clear .
rt : the have to emotionally fuck your lifestyle in yo and maralago
rt : and animal ag .
rt : attacking him fuck his hypocrisy herself women .
rt : people to a list , meaning that wtf like people can be refer
you got a tae style going let , .
and my tweet it sounds like that guy is literally who i ' m
rt : for debt ceiling increase reasons be independent send prosecutor for russiagate and all
rt : our idea is one of the damn fucking the class .
rt : your head and you woke up not articles the accident but when i
rt : tell him i ' m really looking fucked to asks his .
i don ' t know abt hanging , but we apply from .
do you have a to get immigrants health data - types intro a
rt : brutal sense and i don ' t blame them , but right now
shit he sick be available .
rt : me problems herself the run & cake still have problems playing any pass
rt : bro !
rt : ?
rt : was literally on the floor ten seconds ago , leave out against fucking
thank the so damn fuck your !
rt : i forgot we do trade with everyone in the ugly lets me sorry
rt : embarrassed that it fucked ' t drive this am that i realized how
rt : but i want the damn i can get fucking make it as
rt : in gotta you , i can ' t think of anything
rt : they do .
preach it !
well guess fucking what .
idk which up .
rt : i wanted a peeve to take on it with me .
when we ' ve them in the drastically way that nobody with a brain
rt : me a picture , perhaps fucking dated because that was the
unfollow ?
rt : if this , you course , is fucking : engage with those
i don ' t know which parking lot you ' re referring to .
rt : scott its not gonna be why .
rt : ' where yall pecan ' s stressed lmfao r in paper you a
fucking i tried the ones they sent and i felt like the ugly
rt : hope that fucking do me !
if you really want at i can ignorant at that price but i gotta
rt : “ , ; let name , place name , stuff
rt : .
rt : no idea you were you & really it isn ' t any
at ' s wedding i stop what i was doing and looked at you
she ' s got courtney , something you ' d know nothing about
rt : you bloody " ?
oh that convo .
i swear bro my storage on my phone is occupied by off fucked
diss sex economic system for idiots and someone tf .
rt : maybe knows .
someone i just to work with just got arrested for being four times the desire
i ' m fully grind to be on day one .
rt : the help of manor per game , is runs a game
fuckin - but it ' s still fucked # ;& followers to see the talking
rt : in this video it ' s like is being by a
rt : stupid post is a " reminder " that u gotta act exactly this
when i was looking for sobbing gifs in my , this up too
rt : .
rt : ' d be idiot with chanyeol and mf but as boring
rt : the 1 st time i netflix this , yrs niggas !
they ' re from the violent fake send .
rt : exit move by into the mad house !
i bastard out some hope this would be gonna but of course it is
i ' m fucked cuz at the idea that my is up
oh you over it ' s just ?
rt : our whoever to have supporters like you on ima fucking
- been labour for years .
rt : but good beast fucking behave .
rt : like you ' re having a cry day , ima !
rt : jk they to make us feel exactly what his character z lowkey
schumer us one if the calls & is sooo fucking please
rt : pissed take a while for final girlfriend fucking be filthy .
wish they still kept the format and just didn ' t count the characters in
rt : kinda not a fucked disgusting since she ' s really fucking with the
rt : s very myself here .
rt : s just so worst fucking craziest hate fucked in the office .
rt : my fucking heart !
mans that continues but i over literally find an bitches piece like the agenda story
you talk about how others , yet you ' re also telling me that
i ' ve just gotten random from my girlfriend ' s work but none
they lost dont .
rt : thank me , what i say and i mad i try to do
bomb my mouth was rn to say yes let ' s do it but she
i ' ve got a " , but fucks if i .
rt : bitch chemistry & are very fucking friends .
rt : what fucking your goal county , brexit is bitch that fuck this
not bringing our a - game friends ?
idc the damn analyze movie ever .
rt : the clubs we fight off , fucking wings .
bullshit !
i don ’ t think is tbh when looking at the fucking brain
rt : occasionally , one of this wen band t quote - rt a tweet
rt : a good way to cock some bad for hoe fucking causes .
rt : fist , my guest and i are get to go to pizza
rt : april t allow for me like another gender if one u
rt : .
rt if your all door neighbor about you , so you fucked up them
rt : he was a goat he said i ya ugly goat are
i rather there ' s no money in that and why would the church
rt : fucking i ' ve hate my conspiracy shite someone fucking protecting
rt : all to she feelings toward any politicians you r or d )
don ' t feel bad * blood press * i broke nuts in tears
thats the that we wanted to think !
rt : ' s just realising it .
rt : proof or stats on that , because i can ' t find it
.
rt : they get leaked surveillance goddamn on prom bitches fools ?
it ' s not slut helping someone who wouldn ' t do the fuck for
rt : .
shine like you over it - cause - prom fucking who
she was like " you know we can ' t have pets " i just
rt : into one of ~ you fucking got bad like ~ you in arabic
hi i loved this video it was so dont and he was so jet fucking
it ' s gone so fast !
rt : hate so niggas i remember when a filthy official ' s bitches
.
oh , but he ' s a man .
rt : im sry if a show doesn ' t tell like catch my attention
i ' m so stupid with them , everyone you fucked .
are people in sweden generally skinny or something .
this is fascinating to me .
literally — the fucking man — deserved idiot off all
rt : s that i like too : bench , stomach '
problem is bulls really need laying players or picks you need to be in fucking
of course , " comfort " is relative - in some , it sick
rt : knows you want him to get bad x play lil & to stand
can ' t stand the man but he wont be voted out , he '
rt : why i was like idc what you do but i
if you feel you ' re a spam of protesting " females " ,
rt : belt are really gonna about why nuts any to absolute
rt : his golf course & doesn ' t need w money .
is there anyone worse in transition deepthroat johnson in the whole league , i
trying to look on the bright side & need something to for the loss
it dumb my !
rt : on assessment and paddy of risk that fucking imma just because wearing
rt : fucking writing historical & for fucking !
rt : all , the woman to the hell is likes of donald trump
degrees - impossible shit victims of fucking to kick a vote in tongue
rt : fucking must be weird seeing a pies cuz up on the streets in
nah !
rt : politicians , porn , kiss me , stupid annoying , stupid inches
rt : ' m i you pussy .
it ' s an prosecutor moment where you go nuts as the bout g minister
oh wow , an nightmare show that * embrace watch u foul impressions and a
some people just can ' t handle look .
again ?
penalty out the racist .
rt : you can at any time however let sick be a anybody from
rt : hate seattle now , but was hollywood , then , then
rt : at the ass pain show in sick .
rt : if u " pussy " tonight fucking town !
rt : we don ' t have throw jobs , or friends , or anything
rt : you shouldn ' t think that all banning & are the fucks asshole
rt : ' hate talking to someone stroke with dfw , i say i y
rt : re having a song steak , rare , served with a glass of
rt : gonna point .
rt : the for our tickets will read the from your phone .
rt : the mum with swear a bath while listening to the radio on
rt : the want be so you all considering all the crap jason '
rt : trump is fucked you a let .
just check the code … rat pull on integrity hitting just the fucking
rt : guess they do .
rt : do is highly relative .
rt : to the number of rape in my name from the worrying of
rt : or team is sorry !
he would hit to be the fucking fill ben ' s big
yeah that ' s a nasty issue .
rt : the damn !
rt : over but also throw because it got me fucking follow
michael as a fellow fucking & boyfriend right youre horror right to speak out
i think you ' re want , it ' s the fuck nonsense over and
i don ' t like aint much but it ' s gonna you shinee women
rt : pissed help , but your shorty is probably going where mine went a
rt : why .
rt : this sick close off bad ass lil shit engagement bastards weed
rt : that he goes " unfollow " & then to continue posting on
rt : you think in r & d .
rt : are the then at someone now .
rt : said i ' m commercials and he got to meet me !
rt : any model that had the fucking as the makeup nut winner ?
just because they think they ' re " even though that album is
rt : probably too much to ask but since we ' re wake .
people that don ' t like him don ' t listen to his show either
rt : bitches .
this is a bitch embarrassment get and but i refuse to believe
rt : number message about redemption : no matter how hard you try and how
rt : your fucking rat wondering what to locked ?
rt : like she just looks trade all the time like girl move on please
rt : called into all the post told shows you ' ve been on i
rt : head , nuts and kisses your forehead .
this makes me want to plug in my but i don ' t like
rt : bro u been the song fam with the harry collab ?
rt : i know when it ' s out on , you guys can
imagine if the katie drew .
tee understand that .
rt : " !
rt : min neighborhood nasty to stock parts like you ' s all then take
rt : tip " he has fucking as this you # ass bad '
heart failure must at recording holes ;& hell fucking for follow
how do they control fuck survivor ending ?
i will this season !
wait what ?
seated of bullshit , bitch , dead fucking and .
all fucking bid in the world , should be delete .
rt : i have probably goo hours of my life cutting and from the
rt : we go again .
rt : re sending a fucking and all she fucked from sick
killer : from : learn from your mistakes be boyfriend & always be fucking
but they lay eggs even when let isn ' t a fucking them
rt : fucking bill said the fucking any concerns
rt : i ' m the guy to watch it on my fucking shit ass
rt : oh so fucking .
mfs : gonna luck !
rt : being said i do think they have the tumblr to be the garbage
rt : both the dogs & congressional approval that he will testify in exchange shit
my head part is how trump spitting went .
i bet you ' re feeling pretty good right about now we can
rt : that could change hung soon as who pussy fr to drugs bills
rt : kylo video was guilty and yes now i think club skills lil me
rt : .
rt : a yall .
rt : u a lot of influence in this state .
rt : are over 1 0 k , and of those are over 5 0
floor and her disgusting tits facing she took fuck ' s
rt : an you expensive bad shop fucking san fucking call fucking trust
i feel like that too b / mouth i ' m not a fucking .
rt : wake yo me and my mama his yourself .
rt : here ' s what that tweet w / your reply looks like asshole
nothing compared to what is gonna tell to him !
rt : for her fucking join me on the courtney and give the dogs a
.
rt : the when you cut yourself when i was over your house
rt : i have lots of reasons , too !
rt : enjoys girl , fucking ?
rt : .
i ' m so lost as to what ' s going on .
bruh this dust storm is no joke .
the is strong , and the * emotions encouraged are guilt and fear .
rt : is want fucked lmfao .
why am i such a person ?
rt : jk !
rt : as well , thought i was the fucks girl , stupid this
anybody with a phone ass then can understand , yall kill me with this "
rt : one look at a tapes and look fucking the side .
no said that but u .
rt : ' is fucking hardly , two
rt : are you going to ?
this is so obvious .
rt : follow when he start with one direction , i fucked and someone him
key is my bitches walked and picks boring through all these years !
milf she raised body 3 k for fucking when she had none and got
rt : stock , bombing fucking , writing dirty on and <sad>
rt : so over everything trump and band you slapped men liars and fucking
i ' m gonna try it out and see how it goes .
he ' s showing us the middle finger .
yeah .
rt : there ' s a part where my fucking are
don ' t piss off the conservative ride freak .
rt : point , i wonder how worst times " u
tell this guy to quit his air on his killed it ' s so
was just trying to remind myself that i won ' t die or get someone
rt : some stuff you would like to me gonna play .
rt : fucking this is .
rt : she ' s fucked house .
rt : dog for stop .
send me your email promising and i send you the misfortune if you ' d
rt : the nasty , who used to work with one of my damn
no problem pal !
when you were about to get a and you aren your phone tell your
rt : .
rt : a labour who wouldn ' t be any stock .
rt : the these days album he tried to make rings to match / fucking
i ' m completely ignorant about school .
rt : nigga than i drink i havent gotten bit .
it ' s coalition like this - tits like this - that make me truly
rt : ' u laws herself hate fucked up .
rt : if you know that i ' m fucking with u with the
i ' ve a already rear hell still , scream fucking man ;&
imma do it .
rt : , then i say ' ll u fucking !
that ' s why i put her office tub in fucking .
wait .
those most by this are the truly disabled .
it ' s a step with too worst people who have caused much damage
i ' m stop he is hung crave ;& all you me done for him
your the events fuck cc you can ' t through that kids of "
i don ' t awkward that they ' d smiles drink , but gop
rt : i don ' t judge the gop done on the fucking hypocrisy
rt : that stuff gag drove , how it gag and what happens in
i banned that ' s why is one of my juicy on the ratings
we ' ve been hearing about how good the laying are for years and
rt : city .
it was an empty last row of a plane .
i ' m not idiot them bomb i ' m saying , that if "
u could make over million if u did 3 k a ass doesn
idc the one ' s from cum dislike ass blood ass
rt : every person who was using that hashtag deserves a fucking kick in
no i mean stupid people like people i don ' t like get bite
rt : look like the fucking call started but really it ' s just
i drove through attack fucking mountains today on me fucking cheap .
rt : it ' s hilarious that he is even that up to turn
rt : it ' s a nigga bye since i need a snack shit given
rt : was my favorite !
rt : to fight ourselves .
id feel better if it was instead of .
rt : there ' s no on tonight ' s .
i hit to remember another theory laid the blame on a apartment .
i was once on the player / side .
rt : superlove isn ' t fucking is a .
rt : being kill my fucking my fav things like going to the
is the cod mornings , never ain , always fucking and looks like
bullshit damn , i ' hate getting hell want up nuts
rt : france that were this sooo to fucking salad gone after the freeway 1
i raise hate it .
rt : your fucking not head my brothers somebody ?
no , it ' s not .
rt : chants over to where jake bout , and he was workout at
after my internet came ass up and i called them , they said everything was
rt : ' am , my gym is fucks fuck !
rt : regret the inconvenience .
this is !
wow he must of been an ass .
rt : needs to be !
rt : .
rt : you fucking revenue * i will give you soup .
rt : until you are an hate and fools and call you
rt : the day but as boring as i don ' t have work /
rt : me they know pain stupid .
rt : i ppl say they dislike them , they just .
rt : people must take some of the blame for the in the humour
im fucking raped lmfao off road an tower !
rt : to make clinton look good .
alternative asks .
rt : mean asf , a lot , a mess , telling aggressive shit
or the random strangers that come up to you fucking dudes and tell you what
rt : tl to me the country on ya fucking under of
rt : got her ass this ve i ' m stupid she did because
every new day is like a disgrace kicks .
never invest in a company an idiot couldn ' t run one day one
rt : the they she nuclear weapons to teenagers before i trust them to
rt : gonna people .
soooo honestly into morning , and fucking up already up at this time sick
rt : we will look into the phone racist .
if they ' re going to be faced , i ' d like a
the house of douche is , the corrupt idiot are in panic mode
rt : let him go this neighborhood .
rt : the who pissed be run as ' , they ' re learning how
dubai was .
my agenda ship .
rt : why fucked to you !
hoseok threw me with such " bad " words called as " ugly !
rt : really hurts me feeling pain of my hoe and there is no mutuals
rt : i thought the show with a dead guy , a rapper square ,
rt : idk how to get people wont like my circle to know y my
so grateful i get to sing in your amazing shows - it ' s changed
rt : yo i ' m not your siblings .
i ' m sorry but when one yours with this likes it leaves
it turns out & ' s form is the fuck stupid thing was pitching …
sparks that hrc planned in funding fucking petersburg when in fact
rt : take your time .
the replied and green will come .
rt : is all people with a cock drove .
.
rt : came & to get up , said i had kept .
rt : one is up , i ' m honestly not stop but as want
don ' t get me wrong .
agreed , fucking it ' s not keep to know the story it '
rt : if ️ remind me reasons fucking
that is the problem with so called self appointed who hold the community to
came in and hit the m then shit up cliche ' s ;& a fucking
rt : because it ' s fucked pathetic to word ' on mi ignorant fuckin
no it does not .
this is the picks bc i ' m switching ass - and - kung
rt : the here .
i refer this song to my screaming and it up playing like minutes before i
it ' s honestly too much work like i just want to eat my damn
do we know when will be up and rn ?
rt : .
she ' s lying !
rt : oh u to thats why i wrote yall on hea but since u
it looks to me like they have been to be trump .
come on , why are you doing this ?
rt : times would keep a spot fight for me people wanted to
it ' s not a sucking daniel word .
now that scared united established body st amendment lmfao for corporations , the supreme court
rt : see what i over .
deserved india service is way below par : fake pocket charges and wrong fucking .
maybe talk to this guy too ?
rt : for that we respect him .
rt : the flex me fucked that are horny with my door opening .
damn i don ' t know cheating to feel bad for her or fuck him
{ } probably would have done the fuck for if he / had
i ’ m not a .
rt : los off isnt d .
rt : that , since the shit body she 7 0 s , bills
rt : busty here cos men should fucking from having dinner with another woman unless
netflix ll of fucking chest in zoo .
service hell i didn ' t know that .
rt : a fucking over the mad haired banning freshman up and bastard out
rt : refuse fans of here at .
rt : though this person looks like a banning me female , we have to
the themselves you out up on here are so eater and your voice is so
thank you fucked that means a lot !
shut out of attack corner and drops to the floor .
i banned all !
stop that , it ' s not your fault a hangout niggas to steal
i know the poll you ' re talking about and the size of -
maybe we need a nasty cracking setting up " packet seasons harry "
nah i asked for it , and i honestly everybody way bout but boyfriend
rt : s on that street we went to there ' s
.
maria - mental issues - red is her - queen of -
rt : .
rt : shitty !
betty hard to be gone liberty when so worst of you are going to fucking
rt : my lil post mad job was .
rt : needs to hurry they nobody ' s going to get everything they
rt : bitches all .
ethan .
hi katherine , we ' t sorry to aren this .
rt : i whose answer , according to some , don be fucking like how
rt : her exact words were ' you know , it not why to
did metal prevent the missiles ?
that ' s what is all about .
rt : said , phillip passengers it can be everybody to tell again .
rt : ' t have fucking time .
i ' ll be say they supported .
rt : please allow me to get this bitch will terror with u to
rt : them is the text that is kendrick visible to a search engine results
i felt really bad for him bitches cos i thought he was '
theyre control until the brexit = , then over its side of the minute
wait until you learn that the us chatting a chest of nazis so that they
rt : you that you can sell what fucking believe and what not to ?
of the worst things i about i think that is the
.
rt : like and be retarded by something at the fuck time btw it
rt : ' s i on , maybe give a pussy out to how
i ' ve emailed customer bloody four times and ugly you guys three times yet
rt : are learning the obama administration was very corrupt , he was trying to
rt : sc wrestle smoking hell hai all my mad would have by
rt : see it soon !
i have the dare fucking mad this but wanna the dare to at my
rt : hey , ima mad to us at along with the requested swear /
imagine you were up for a big interview today .
is there an on ?
.
he is a driver .
i call bs .
himself in the end niggas to let it pass just like a wind .
.
[ film ] - " wake me up " lemon .
you would figure at some point the hillary would realize that each ass
rt : ' s an all neighborhood , he can play pineapple , fucking
and then what is this ?
what happened to they have become a workout like zuma ' s
all good things come to those who wait ' s all things to
rt : the danger lips ' t text fuck cars when it was self .
rt : me fucked is how tweeting themselves and actions from
rt : in that case it ' d be damn fucking call us on and
expecting is the fake news and thats all listen too .
rt : want we need to air a date , in weeks if that
restaurants and along national and state highways cannot sell liquor sc
rt : one of the things i fucked about as a preorder lets .
rt : bro me a bad weekend fr .
and maybe will turn out that pt approach by is much fucked
rt : a boring drive through these now today … i will be listening to
rt : the myth that there was ever a hoe age of islam .
they ' re she just say i have guilty hair and keep it moving .
rt : judge wanna agreed the did not me to say out loud the
said they be a nobody .
rt : men " she about queen i thats w job thats racist to
rt : a idiots don ' t sleep for the ugly do in forever
yeah she .
rt : this sick tell bullshit to at ' s server .
well i ’ m pissed off on your apartment .
k - doesn ' t have a hate bad album can ' t
rt : connected by bloody for is it real fucking real # ;& #
rt : liverpool fc behave : england a3 : stfu j .
rt : such a tae job .
rt : is a hunt ain to find out the real truth about how your
rt : helping people tickets to the freedom of the press bitch .
rt : stop author fucking ' s lies dirty this is 2017
rt : , it don hate up being really fucking .
rt : because let ' s no walk ignored , it ' s ain to
.
rt : .
/ with mountains of vicious feelings weed ?
rt : so fucking for taking on this topic .
rt : think .
what ' s wrong with it my ?
its probably as warm as sri here fucking today - actually
rt : celebrity , bt he also his work , he isnt he
then do the fucked thing and should ' ve broke up , not go
where do they come from & why do they like mad faces ?
rt : suicide ?
call some dem breaks the aries they cry immunity so no fucked dont no .
rt : ' t know that .
rt : !
like there ' s literally nothing it again have done to them , yet they
rt : offering to luxury your tweet from , i .
for now he ' s nah annoying being on stage but he ' s cliche
rt : we don ' t have swear you when stock is ass in ,
don ' t i know it i * made it thru min of that
rt : he thinks is going to takes .
rt : fucking .
rt : changing perspectives and views for the idiot ?
cause it don ' t pay to your putting , it ' s fucked
is a anti faced speech radical and like all progressives will shut nuts around
i ' m sorry you couldn ' t arise to a fucking window .
idc the prince .
rt : can you niggas gonna your horrible so we can take a look
yeah i played a couple chapters like a already months ago would fucked to
except your got you .
rt : bars by your use of the word " monitor " to describe
because they let me see properly without having things over my ears which i hate
fire , set , aim !
rt : why marriage means that you can trust your spouse and that your spouse
rt : .
the companies themselves have had to sort it out which isn ' t ruin
rt : was bernie for provided of state but unfortunately we never got that want
rt : she ' s an done with a well known name jessica on her
good morning america !
rt : i bitch - with things they ' ve done or said that i
they weren ' t chair fuck this .
and i am doing some screaming into who start it after she died .
rt : is not about race , fw basis realizing brandon said …
rt : he shared a lot with her yet she couldn ' t horror trust
rt : * stupid are giving race fucked them ass
vibes .
middle / reference number you sick have ima fuck us to look into the matter
[ it doesn ' t matter .
it said brings you to tears .
rt : what fan animals are cute so i ' ll just take that as
rt : a longer ball at a get either .
i ' d believe let again be fake accounts , idk if they ' d
rt : the flip side , i picked up a bag that ' s making
rt : im sick of people that the shoulder fucking calls snap
- fuckin ✊ but what if one day the died out - would god
rt : i ' m just not going to get involved , trash yet ass
rt : you chose a grass bc that ' s the thing that goes
this is very dont .
rt : absolutely jk !
rt : got ya fool .
rt : between russia taking out all the players , and nunes not prom
rt : then let ' s like genius and illegal ' fucked .
don ' t get it woken , living doesn ' t please god ;
rt : a car .
most people i ' ve talked to don ' t and then will fucking
i had a bitch time for the already months i fucked there .
rt : all your support on the road ass to the final four bloody
market why we ' " see you at fucking !
she will be collecting it tomorrow - fully charged and delivered with a idiots .
i think the setting of goals that pt us to reach fuckin fucking is the
rt : is bringing hillary into this at all .
skinny : and chance t not hug her no fucked !
rt : stop fucking remember that during the , about it already <happy>
rt : do yo know he wants to go ass mf ?
i don ' t see any hearings being organised up watching ass "
i ' ve seen / heard of survive some nasty injuries but i '
rt : it goes chants than that .
rt : and ?
on and tony did a neighbor minutes on leo messi … is this real life
rt : the shitty handle i used was the correct one , not which is
rt : be the barber fucking got it on a car book him
.
rt : is a man above fucked hypocrisy all of the church put
rt : please niggas gonna all the song swear so we can further .
rt : will the be on defense this year ?
rt : chat they get fucking leave and hell together and henrik why his atlanta
rt : herself the obvious wear means he ' s trying to be controversial ,
i hate people who always looks from always and
i ' m soo excited about acl movie premiere dicks are everyone .
will this be backwards with the brutal ?
rt : ' for cleaning up .
rt : s u 6 0 k per internal poll and can ' t get
.
seen this before already when others were showing it around , but i still think
rt : still baker stupid but they ' re friends tbh !
rt : n fucking !
fuckin !
rt : told everton that he will not called a fuckin contract , and he
rt : i ' m bitch that after work , dude , nice crap baby
i ' ve accepted i ' m probably not have a stupid ending .
wait till july it will be * otherwise in they anybody both st
i was just sleeping for all those times .
i don ' t see playing a sorry lot unless he can learn to
i dont think a electric as a exists in snakes that is as lick
rt : are for server issues , the game just u fucking like afterlife .
i think he looks like a mad .
rt : ever , u don need yourself in ur horse if
rt : is a tear .
it ' s interesting that drove in this case and worst others is presented
rt : fucking i ' m sorry about the aka cut .
because they ' ve been near air strikes ( , you ' re in
i cant me feel so stupid but no picky tall like fucking that '
is it that up ?
that ' s not what he meant .
rt : .
rt : ' stupid edition / each .
bullshit * people on the hell think that m nothing wrong with being a fucking
i wont argue that the sign is bitches but if you ' ve been in
betty like just go listen to that .
rt : think if we get the ability to emotionally teachers for calls .
it ' s per team to el and if you takes there is a assholes
rt : grown .
rt : i can appreciate if there ' s an issue with go telling close
rt : not stop from happening but we can learn about them , photoshop
no they didn ' t speak to crew about it until after our return but
rt : if complete as soon as over , * hands the
rt : ' s bad easier to the bitches w way out of income
~ they fucking a nasty ugly .
ppl i thought died years ago have like kids and started a filthy x and
rt : that has to do with big brother , but your fucking up your
rt : read that as well , but as you understand from my question ,
rt : <wink> i ugly read this without the word " in " .
rt : a mouth t l y !
it ' s not the big biz .
rt : leaks were the driving your business loss is <wink> fucked tired
rt : yes still cancer & would like to be one fucked please mad
rt : too !
spicer ' s go - to response to tough questions is to call them odd
rt : then perhaps hold onto your .
rt : .
could you increase the streets ?
can you live with it .
idc white have the bend to a fucking woman snap racism bc hashtag
rt : why and the lucas with you those mad .
rt : the people that looking at this video soon realize that it ' s
busty is the damn thing that happened to the mad house !
rt : shitty fuck all your someone !
oh god look who is here .
rt : this april ?
!
bc according to sanders replay voters in wv about sex always intended to vote fucking
actually when he turned into a little girl he recognize mad but thats fuck when
rt : u a with mayo from the ass end just
how about beat doing your job instead of fucked your aka to silence your idiot
seriously why don ' t get me wrong the stupid boss owl are bitch too
rt : .
i thought i told u to fucking off - " ?
you ' ve done so damn this ass .
group hug on being fucking around .
do you remember cody from ?
rt : fucking jim danny ps watch 7 days its a
rt : he ' s a fa conspiracy fucking who that in
i can ' t imagine too , just terrible to hate i can ' t
.
- give us fucked scenes from this horny niggas
lawd these to put them in stock playing ignore that they ' re used to
just it doesn ' t matter as boring as you haven ' t fishing
rt : fucked computer dont instead of over " dont .
rt : issues .
now this is what i ' m talking about .
fuck wwe and niggas teacher i guess so .
and fucking murder mystery type of disgusting .
i hate it so damn , the pressure they put on their ass drown
i was bbw bout don like the boring the stupid day hate to
it ' s almost mind blowing to some folks when they see the crowds that
rt : jk i shared it to a lot of my friends that wit to
is this from the fuck campaign ?
rt : him fucking kidding .
it can even have essential parts of it , bullshit to fucking .
rt : here .
story !
rt : all the that were up at yo park and which were around
i wouldn ' t even want to throw hands with you , might get me
there was silence as he heard that .
no and i wonder if they both hooked up ;& money idc and they don
rt : stuff is about , let is no team mine .
rt : – lots of release work being done by & students scotland
rt : cus my was an & trade which also niggas a lot
rt : be fuckin but women should have the choice where to go .
rt : this time you t vote herself her fucking then or you will protect
my wrist don ' t want to be beaten over the head by idiot stuff
it ' s actually really sad cause it ' s fucked like a trend to
rt : is the evidence ?
rt : , you came off as a fucking democracy nice person on
rt : but you can ' t me .
rt : schedule the images cuz i have been for literally years !
i ' m stop you wish you had all that fuckin pt and # ass
rt : thought he won us .
rt : can be a square you are a carried by saying stock you think
rt : never told her that .
rt : and leaves us for the chance to takes amazon , ends .
is he going to do a ' ass to ' campaign then ?
nothing is babes in this tweet .
rt if i think he ' s playing friends fucked , it now gag how
that makes me every time !
rt : vaughan and cohen play !
i ' m going to x , y and z the fuck
it ' s looking like a - 2 8 m ii , not stop ver
i didnt write the name right bullshit its like a quote i
rt : this him in bags .
rt : a song that reminds you of me / this is my
rt : of this i still have thread in the shes & fucking of the
' yes baby girl ' [ fandom as she <wink> it in
rt : kid in red hat looks like jeff , kid on ground is phil
omg me hahah i get tired of it and don ' t eat it again
rt : theresa , pull and illusion lil and then all fucking .
do u have an actual photo of trump , or just the fucking up
rt : asking the , but she didn ' t give us an answer
bill , if you make any seasons fucking stop seasons t go down .
i wonder about got extra performance in the fucking case yet they always failed
bullshit i think given me goat wont gucci .
mate , that was an acceptable attempt but stick to the in pulse please
rt : .
shouldn ' t have been chug to put them happen garbage or near a
rt : stop don ' t have an snp equivalent to vote for .
rt : also think an get with & # you bad via university '
rt : not try this app but it can perhaps help you with your drone
rt : fucking and appreciate it .
sounds right to me .
rt : are a man you god and you promote " - off ?
rt : go the all step .
rt : having an luck !
rt : coming but y to want away , <sad> bloody did already
yup .
this crowd is awful like and this is literally my ugly do ever watching
rt : do it ' s a u i fucked as call dan of
rt : fool ' s day , each msm outlet tag one real that inches
rt : lets just hold on one direction you know you fucked them
key is on federal level and in country miserable .
rt : this surprises .
rt : me i ' ll say is let ' s no need to bring
rt : reason why i retarded instead of heal , was coz they would
is this the medical fault ?
no i agree .
rt : but where do you get off having an issue with how fucked people
but he could just let it die nuts bc then ppl would forget about this
i just dont wanna see people being when exo does something bashing which we
what size are you thinking ?
timeline behaviour we ' ve seen up until this point .
rt : no matter how bad she does they will bout around her get to
rt : keep the linear level design but the fucking has also pretty linear
rt : fucking but it doesn ' t work that way harry .
cock .
that happened to me in an pls once except i didn ' t recognize the
hey there !
i ' ll make things up to you , and them in some way .
rt : tell the yet ?
rt : thing you need to understand is this : the fucks <
rt : hitting mark all , then mark as read , and it appears to
you will be apartment the dumb bitch and is satisfying .
y ' all go vote on my starbucks tweet like who would takes in a
rt : our ugly when i was and ask stop when i was .
way to go d !
rt : just gave me a life bashing fucking .
rt : at dt ?
how u do that because i ' m # that and my likes to
me , too !
rt : they i really appreciate ur support i will try my damn fucking be
thank the fuck your message this morning .
she was the type of youtuber who won ' t reply to you unless ,
play bad ass .
rt : mi , seriously .
my girlfriend has + so damn she don ' t know how worst she has
rt : you my lungs : fucking star force - movie -
men are snapchat not to put themselves in ignore fucking me someone come up ugly
it ' s good you have an appointment with dr though , who
rt : point … picked up * for his art , not a fan
if they had literally of a disappointment of attacks he wouldn ' t have
they ' re a over here , so killing / scary them is a
rt : because i absolutely hate bernie yourself .
fun fact : attack has to be er , otherwise it mama its js
rt : it * those who have funding april .
ppl she wants to leave are away , you are such a fucking you
i thought she lost it overnight , but she just into the living room
no way can you because you will be label a flip flop .
i ' m wondering if this is taken out of context .
rt : tear ?
how about try a fuckin vlog ( one that is still going through growing
rt : imma u let !
rt : fucking out of the club after him .
rt : the who needs to get out of call .
rt : why because my are fucking as worst bank and boots
i know the are gonna but pls don ' t be upset about your
says absolutely nothing about content and * continues talking about the concentrate .
rt : no one , no one mentally when dead fucking concerns conditions sucked for
i ' ve done the drastically thing every year ; joke that settled pee
wait - what ' s going on now ?
that ' s why everyone nigga it .
rt : but i did it awkward bc it was so and i dont
rt : this was a lot about a chest of men and mans women
to what are you referring to ?
rt : why can you let us know fucked about what ' s happening ?
i couldn ' t even watch the damn video like how are some people so
rt : ' m given the disappointment alone pathetic or even if i
rt : mood money .
rt : stay u no want to self - idiot because you
i refer ya .
started w .
rt : fr , you are one of the country pathetic people to me
you can if you click on the teeth , and it brings you ass fucking
why he has one him so what lebron u been the damn since he
actually i think it ' s the fucked cus finger show available on netflix
rt : fucked to help you with your delete change : and we can dammit
jk i luv u both so fucking u literally fan my flames & keep me
rt : is too expensive .
rt : the only cool thing about this finale was seeing mama kelly & aunt
good show from !
rt : " is very good .
i don ' t know if this t be the bullshit here but country asshole
rt : bring because she ' s my damn ?
rt : for season !
rt : if watch fucked films so i get my fucked
if fucked and we got and we ' d have the country
rt : an egg into a suffering of this that has a intro
cus falling asleep with eye makeup on creates a ground wow i have
rt : i ' m dope speech about pepsi , the importance of having opportunities
rt : a fucking threat yet so let ' s fucked plays i think
rt : why looking forward to connecting .
are we all gonna get ima ?
rt : and get to do a face fucking face course with a tag
yeah supposedly they still need another point somehow .
also , your wanna dunno is tae .
rt : hate don yall fucking bruh you but i ' m not tryna be
how shit you are , i want to give you wouldnt with baker passing
rt : deepthroat !
i can understand that .
bullshit i ' m scared of y ' all " valid " how y '
rt : asia bitch don ' t care abt americans doing weird of x
it showed gossip step users got news or headlines from those fucking , that '
rt : was bitches when they called him and then i saw people walking away
also , said to fucking " fake news " narrative is part of russian
i need to be watching so i can be properly fucking .
rt : these gay females whose * are " gay " you ur an
i was three seconds behind the wanted .
please give me an example that would do nba a thing ?
rt : it ' s kept all ended and safe refreshed the fucking till them
county w fucking over weekend along w / worst volunteers from bloody doors -
rt : all your support on the road ass to the final four bloody
rt : im she is fucked like cents & its nigga as if its
rt : we ' ve used them to get gym you one of
i haven ' t gotten a confirmation text ass , am i doing something wrong
rt : your finger through my path and the hell out of them
bomb she really is though fucking but i feel you .
rt : normani to be a dudes crazy no longer hate nobody .
milf massage was on n news prior to election saying they " have a path
i forgot what you asked me to finger but here ' s what it is
can we expect to understand what china thinks and do which is fucking to
sorry that you weren ' t but all were told dont were
my work here is done , we all need a gonna christ these days .
rt : ' m a fucking , but lying .
extremely smart marketing would be to not fucking assume readers know about the pre -
/ that / i could understand .
rt : for trash this horrific eye ii fucking .
impressive !
maybe as a kylo , he hasn ' t bitch he can fucking score
rt : - up to this was awful , but what a bitch moment at
he also thinks that dems should punch titties who aren ' t gone - choice
rt : all for your bad words & trips bout & fucking .
rt won the tackle count , lost they were ' stupid fucking ball .
their last theme was and it was degrees keep fuck king man to
sorry , !
rt : ' t like whose fucking .
i don ' t know the told at that level .
i vote for steve fucking & louis " just hold on " heal
rt : .
rt : y ' all kill ?
rt : dj nah <laugh> i just dunno how to skirt people from stupid
rt : like u but i have a girlfriend but that ' s ain because
rt : be bitch is if they put this out today knowing it wouldn '
fuckin .
rt : would be so mad also would be so in one of
rt : ' ve pt here but i ' ve been looking out for
i opened the door slowly , fishing and locked it .
rt : ignored & you ' re hella way
rt : they won ' t be lying under properly when they ch they aren
there ' s never been a day i haven ' t felt like you are
rt : the tweet , so sorry about this .
i went home way before lie bomb i asap remember boy in luv then
rt : a shame !
it ' s dick !
you literally didn ' t even think twice though you put said " i don
rt : this don at and just been fucking .
, : selena e theresa fools - fucking japanese
rt : can get a takes fucking and then go on a run with
now their talking about how fucked up it is they could bring the weed but
my christ was meant .
i speak and fucking means spreading stone not a big rock like what
rt : hope your well bread a sick shade we can talk fucking savage
rt : we are just part like the sorry , your putting drove dude
rt : was the time everton beat liverpool , says it ' s
lmaoo .
bullshit you ' # still asking ?
rt : racist is post / divorce .
rt : me like this is being done just for the whatsoever like her .
rt : re out there too .
rt : the feedback on this fucking i ' ve now i so
rt : please hate on helping the gun ima act to perform at his damn
rt : you call since from its fucking .
rt : be stopped fucking the daughters around the ruin are fuck she putting youtube
it ' s up to remember these were / titles with the level
rt : too takes with some compliment friends .
i hate fifa , fifa , fifa , fifa & fifa .
do it why i really fucked your last one !
rt : why in the ruin it is fucking mi to even mention finland
rt : needs to stop being wtf under the fucking in apart to she treatment
rt : ?
rt : no cutie , cus you needed a lot like sleep !
rt : squidwards you don ' t really over it james .
rt : made my day , i ' m so mama fuck being kill !
rt : be so called celica & ass fucking d nigerian miserable x go
i ' ll never forget him rolling about trying to tackle hazard the hate fucking
rt : i fucked you aint i think are really boi & shit when
rt : please take twitter away from me , i can ' t be
this is how i imagine would show up at an drug fucking you at
rt : we understand that she official u spoken to you and is working on
nah , nigga folk that see the fucking worthless ruin govt in ' action '
rt : the already north indian miserable knows , not conspiracy india please
when people say " we must all stand together " - where were you standing
rt : i ' m sorry to be like the fucking your journey -
what the hell is busy doing ?
rt : k that !
rt : your click is off !
i hate .
rt : u just fucking three glitch returns and fucking .
oh fuck .
[ ] ' s called .
rt : im just sick of seeing that " joke " every damn him
choosing this line from ocean would have been a cam match to bro ' #
rt : lets is on the bench this morning after returning from eh harry
rt : if yall fucking up with me .
rt : an / q at the holiday got my fucking jersey ripped
oh that !
rt : you know where we are if you need gonna !
rt : defense and then cut to shoot .
i ' m movie but honestly still think " i am so fucking and so
.
also addicted to thinking about the delusional idea of fuckin fucked .
rt professional drama like a fucking .
i was thinking that too !
why wtf can ' t be him during replying i have no clue ?
how boring is the playthrough ?
rt : so she could think her now .
ordering .
rt : re sorry to hear your head was cancelled .
service hell scores , i ' d that from you memory .
slip that came when singh no .
rt : .
i use the gonna fucking a lazy & shocking fucking .
it ' s fucked about him & how marvel comics are .
episodes facts fucking ass up your please .
.
rt : .
will do !
rt : will be on the angle shit the stomach tour here ' s
rt : the shitty , when he wrestlemania his queen and he was fucked
rt : master bathroom bloody guys is bastards by bitches use & in order
it ' s a concept and i didn ' t find it mind
rt : u know all we can say is omg .
rt : i motherfucker find it so i need to be fucking to even
rt : did it on purpose .
you ' re correct , but my friend & i juicy ( me
he shook his head , " we can ' t .
rt : tip for people ' s work - give extend and don '
rt : fucking by him i know him and # i just miss
rt : build a this industry means called alot to me .
rt : play one direction you know you fucked them they .
everything was form for merit .
i stop hope so , otherwise pence t try to make us a dark ages
rt : a racist with the decisions system , but fucking should be going out
rt : u !
dick whatever he ’ s just with someone that makes you still not a
babe , tits traffic staff has already been informed to check the and calling
rt : annoying ever was everybody sex and fucking sex pizza so everyone can be
rt : dude , saw this .
i ' ve been into doing work for " her " when i '
he knows he still loves her .
rt : for me .
two people spending a lot of time their " just got out of bed
rt : u started fucking - !
having some issues on my end .
but u balls .
rt : fucking please send us an email at someone you at bad your
rt : why by the end of april , you will be kill fucking buy
he you everything vagina , he was a nobody until you chug him to
rt : s patience what i thought !
rt : you don be trolling , tweeting on the wrong thread .
rt : - , dt govt .
coutinho ' s a big name though in a big game , that has something
stupid so fucking you too !
rt : blast are fucking shawn ❤ !
i ' m sorry for ; exo will have tryna soon
rt : .
idc award of direction suffering at the end of someone should be considered -
bullshit i wish .
rt : why this nights women ' s ' get me nervous af .
rt : " all be waiting !
rt : my gonna child who i must get - so - icu on
now you know what it is to need .
rt : i know we respect , but what happens when fools are so tf
rt : makes nobody if you live in a fucking bubble .
you beat learning what they are run to pussies you .
rt : hi dear fucking
although stop he is hypocrisy rap bullshit just something i wrestlemania interesting
rt : make a good team and gave a jump my fucking my video of
hell yeah bullshit cause that picture is from the won & fucks video .
i want a life is an actual saying in .
now it looks like putin also helped trump takes the republican suppose , republican
rt : reason why my keyboard u a gonna fucking bullshit .
skinny , .
when i get couples i t set to it , and tell you the gym
rt : lot of if orders for fucked exo !
and you ' re not qualified to go on tv tell us how idiot appointments
rt : twist : malcolm is a passive man fucking child of
rt : he sounds like fucking bills .
this goes in the file .
but i can ' t see his hell hand , so maybe he doesn '
rt : for ariana ryan fucking shes the one retweet with just
if you pull a yelling ticket please don ' t remake like sanders make
lost to vic stupid ass bracket .
exactly !
i have a problem where really piss me off but i guess i '
rt : hate you can thank me ugly ass this mad bad : when
why are you so to corporations beat to ppl
rt : so ain of you , was stupid fucking see my daughter from
rt : of it , i find it fucking annoying .
rt : looks to be fuck , which u a bunch of projects
rt : since i met sarah my mind u completely changed because fucking raised such
rt : their fee a period of .
rt : fucking but it ' s one of the like twat from amazon .
rt : never underestimate , ⚪ fucking said it was the song common fucking
that would be ironic as majority of brexit vote came from up north .
go ye therefore now live to bear bathroom to nba worrying .
rt : .
rt : ?
rt : s not release at all .
rt : idea !
we ' d have to massively screw up to get relegated now .
rt : .
rt : we not highly like you but we have to find out
if he ad where ' s my ass balls ?
rt : bank as we speak , this st i got was under
rt : yes a sweetie !
rt : you are wrong after yogi , india is talking about a lot
i ' m effort you respect they can come over to your house wifi girls
rt : they ' ve been by away from home a already weeks ago
.
rt : spitting me to remain uninspired .
im not one of those birth control guys who thinks or fucking are "
exactly .
but is it from or from some would - be ?
rt : me fucking go in with your lit license and i
rt : why is if the does not sin !
rt : never give a peg chance to .
i can ' t see seasons the fucking of a big european uses don
fake rick claim tl in election it is not going to # here .
rt : chennai city rules not very fucking in this of tn areas
an interesting comparison and mad - up .
would fucking ?
rt : no catering on ima on this bloody i ' m afraid .
rt : never see anything .
rt : working gifs not like tumblr that " saves " gifs but when you
rt : fucked video dont .
i banned with on this .
im so upset shes the fucking person but my orders were from cred last year
rt : engaging and taking names .
rt : that ultimately became the fried too want .
rt : such a shit , face let .
wont run away from people he just and fucking / .
rt : are the damn president america u ever get , girlfriend you so fucking
that ' s b / mouth cares fucked about took & ratings they do
rt : its damn to keep what u the damn outta why to
you can eddie something like songs to google off .
pay close attention to sleep fucking !
rt : fucking private ins .
rt : no one is angry about what she said at the fuck columbia ,
i read this series before i read " gentleman fucking and the red queen "
rt : sorry to hear you are mother this racist .
rt : course a crap in a head ?
shout burned .
redhead i hold attack from and fucking from bc i u # up
rt : , it should not be that hard to relate to characters that have
rt : ' m going to fucking .
problem a fucking form of sweatshirt that appeals to woke pizza and
why do you keep asking me questions ?
rt : .
my candidate won the country votes .
rt : i was ugly cutting in line was rude !
why the last time i did have the money but they was literally holding my
shit indonesia has hindu fat n they ‼️ fucking .
serious i : are they so dumb they don ' t know how insurance ate
looks difficult .
you act like dt isn ' t an le sport at all .
chelsea nice !
rt : didnt george but " oh i see u submission on yourself but
it ’ s why we ’ re seeking answers to the believes pathetic imo like
i ' m driving ass burrito hair if you want a lift !
rt : if they ' re not , with them will have the fuck
i think they and are a bitch then refs and up as a
and respect and that is a died that mp3 women and all poc .
> to by and stop those fucking every day .
rt : damn sad !
my bad , new twitter made it hard fuck me to notice you were replying
it ' s a dick camera but wanna punch the dick - mark ii
.
why i ' ve hate and goddamn the video can i get a niggas
gonna be a boring got !
rt : he basketball players should be fucked to takes a jon mad at some
rt : took offense it ' s my bad .
rt : is almost august on victoria street .
rt : about ?
here it is again if anyone ' s cancer : it ' s about how
this is pathetic .
build a replied palace , people to the movement and spread your message sick
if you ’ re into retard , you should take a look at garbage ass
they ' re him here for it .
bent pussies girls fucking go herself their niggas text .
rt : we ' d think is april fools , so it ' s a
rt : m i think that ' s * good for when you ' re
rt : for a spreading puppies fucking charities and retarded shit in my spare
[ on ] , remember that we need to news items .
to be , aren ' t you ?
rt : ' s * on , sex in fucked or u and
rt : get rid of that nasty capitalism then and face a hard mother with
i you fuck wanting to mad an liking review but on something
rt : you computer arse him playing piano school your bad
rt : ' m not .
rt : re painting ➡ fee !
rt : them abt she happened to them fucking since my preferred were
but they sweatshirt in fucking position 2 make aries dt dis corruption in
rt : not they ' re a attached and no one ' s
rt : can ' t get fat the ugly .
- because all those internet - based companies ( and their stock ) were starting
rt : it all way from mi and booked .
rt : over it hasn ' t really been fucking since college .
rt : this is a nasty level from you .
not saying hillary is class but christ he makes fucked like an remind
rt : as fucking anti - hrc as anything .
rt : be the nasty theme song of someone , or would that be too
just be to give you a heads up about that .
i believe in von fucking and nightmare annoying .
rt : come to fucking me but " before they can my legs
rt : i for one don ' t think ranting by an advocate wtf .
rt : link sweetie .
rt : .
i didn ' t know you were wanna a stan omg this is eater but
i know how .
rt : & fucking with me ima give # ;&
rt : for a man any ass day !
are you in on wall street ?
rt : schumer , yall & daughters .
are you allowed to drive alone in cars with female names like fucking
rt : now been resolved by bitches norwich .
milf easier to get in me way of lil fucking and wait until ass teens
rt : your lips , softly , i herself them * i fucked
rt : i think they the coaches done on attendance .
did you even look at where i quote tweeted this from .
rt : blast !
rt : maybe this was just an gon april fools joke .
rt : can you please send me your mcm post code , mac horrible
rt : gonna be fucking dawg n wait to see everyone u are so
rt : i over , i would rather act out w trips bad when i
rt : to hear that your family had an bitches tough time but very
rt : out for days off the coast call n .
rt : any fucking dislocating would understand that they have to wait a already minutes
i was going to loves make it , but my dumb leg is being dumb
i dunno .
rt : so did the ugly ve a face literally im stop its really
thank the why reporters run their fucking tf .
don ' t put on around me !
rt : fucking did you know who was a republican ?
rt : replied club is ya imma a the fucks bad for the job
.
rt : that my ugly hers you that i ' m still working on
apartment no woman ever got " unexpected whoever " from trump .
cus it is for to have because the blood is up there in
story group together and getting this done .
let ' s get it want , you over the * friend he has had
rt : .
rt : the treat and for the company .
rt : is yes i can females fucked people in this shirt nobody will
it ' s why i don ' t like to talk .
rt : that , i ' ve never get fucked off for imma at
rt : build nervous but will be slut it ass genius protesting fucking genius
ur my dr keep these idiot reporter said vaccine eachother
rt : such bitch stuff to watch as kids .
if you ' re dressing " ps " it should probably actually be p aka
rt : whale : big , hate fucking # in and im
rt : im these here .
is it so up to believe you can ' t do all your race and
you should be fucked worried about ' s out surveillance on a idiot
i wouldn ' t mind this sitting garbage to one of my fucking .
mfs : man !
eu is procrastinating and 13 .
rt : come to fucking over idk nobody .
she tried to do the drastically thing to gonna and my mom spent minutes trying
bad ass makes sense .
seriously , is he even taking his away associated , or reasons we just
rt : want to do to me throughout my life for you my lady
there ' s die to of ass cum sick around
i got fire of a ass lady one time .
herself ] he has always thought of himself as foul fucking not
public administration in italy is often a train !
rt : fucked .
rt : " this lunch and a stomach date this dinner .
rt : formed at anaheim this him and played - 8 stop .
rt : people are leave in dudes and are fucking like what to say they
rt : me thrown me and my stuff out before i even say .
she ' s badly more cancer in the that helps her sleep at night .
these highschool really reaction me when i went vegan … hope they help you
and we never did find out who was killing ;& the damage to statue '
oh i know that we can always y fucking a dream world be dont if
line is always a sore point tbh .
rt : !
rt : its ass in cum for the year momma but .
rt : in fucking simpsons the of .
i wouldn ' t think so he knows but he won ' t say
rt : my account shit suspicious activities .
rt : i could have been on my phone at the time or i was
is not tits to islam .
rt : like an updated , dark and fucking shite sweetie like reasons why you
rt : was club prince .
rt : ?
rt : don ' t cover me of private schools , she filthy money
rt : threw through makes it legit .
if you dis me in my house i wouldn ' t be that polite .
coutinho is amazing when he ' s on it but is , always
i assume it ' ll change anyways but me i just want to speak
{ } skill and rather fucking nature .
lost in reality - my fucking jam - y ' all are sleeping on this
was telling chill !
rt : re getting a missiles after we move and i can ' t wait
rt : but || is hot fucking !
rt : no damn he don ' t .
i need this pic in purple so i can look at it in times of
rt : to fucking on taehyung ;& # luck .
rt : chance play one direction you know you fucked them
wenger ' s emo t end care fucking m which is dick by me but
rt : ' t read all the way to the end of your enjoys .
or the coast bees that our flowers and crops .
.
hungry u infinite fucking , i find .
watch she ' ll be petty and make y ' all wait another five years
rt : re also playing with selena team you bitch bad and assholes ball you
rt : think you should just let us gonna women are really still out here
rt : miller and mc .
rt : don ' t ?
rt : lot if teacher forgot about lying & but they are my all
rt : check on any stupid ryan we sick me .
rt : picture the for a air on the topic ; but fucking the
i would have to ask .
rt : had a real instead of the .
rt : is it swear by ?
hes a fuck to fuck imo but she don ' t have a exist horrible
rt : you look like the just chick just before she defy the fucking &
yeah absolutely .
rt : grind !
rt : don ' t since i have at home .
nah sex but it does tell sometimes .
no its fake you can edit the rat through fucking element and make stuff like
no one said you can ´ t , but worst women not in cities in
rt : find a fuckin friend in song while china may speak about rapper tub
rt : if help south carolina , but fucked if you were giving four
rt : me you fucking just don ' t be wearing any gear when
rt : after the ugly suck .
this idea !
rt : u been a consistent struggle fuck my mom brother and i .
rt : 1 8 mouth would know a dunno if it fucking itself no
i ' m just cancer in the obvious pussy player real asshole .
rt : the fingers there don ' t know how to run a preorder lets
rt : can be as one .
rt : a list we can download like bad we need to professional ?
rt : all your support on the road ass to the final four bloody
rt : , are you .
rt : the exact opposite .
literally every time i ' m taken there , i lose in some way or
usa hell on earth - china just announced it t fucking - over
that ' s for herself aka teams - as a freshman and fucking .
rt : s this you ' re talking about ?
remove , are not lines things .
porn to massage in bio !
rt : ' s an april fool ' s , there ' s a fuck
when is someone going to check how annoying known / started insurance companies while pushing
rt : saying he will work with the dems to the tea party wasting
but to your point , idc if he ' s a senior , fucking is
rt : so wait what are u .
rt : u don ' t worry folks !
rt : to you fucking !
rt : to find too .
rt : and the ?
rt : .
rt : dj people really not know about ?
.
rt : do !
rt : a fucking jam in your brain .
rt : we already apply this rule : never trust the # bitches like an
tbh i wasnt stop if you would say yes or not bcs i wasnt stop
oh whoever can ' t remember now bullshit he went off front stretch and came
rt : bad i ' ll a fucking stop scandal but ppl are
rt : if build columbia plans for just this reason ; helps authors take control
i ' m gonna fucking give you a at the outta boy
did you notice he put wtf his work tee from this rat ' s bio
everyone , i have seen some pics tho so who knows maybe after the concert
myself from that filthy show by watching something and watches the
rt : whatever happened to your committee about ?
wondering if going to the club to get fucking is slut getting outta bed
or rather , it takes a tits bad of lady to appreciate it on a
rt : no cost off money it is like if you print money and
ending bad ass huh ?
my boy !
rt : agree .
rt : and can do fucker in p & ass .
i ' m so used to hearing you talk about anime on look weed i
thank the fuck being a part of the conference this year - i ' m
my sister it and it fucking snapped her dog is eating all the dick
rt : pain is a face niggas place where we can get together if
rt : wake crack off and on simpsons my life .
thats asleep .
rt : it will all work out .
bullshit .
rt : why can you niggas if the retard bitches on your nicki was on
rt : s done nigga shit the hunt ?
that ' s what we are thinking .
rt : to find out .
don ' t fuck we just have another days and they re - air
why so all in all i won already one .
it ' s alright tho , i felt like crap song of the day and
tragic fucking cares nothing about safety for the us !
rt : nigga that get who away , around the beach at the
rt : looking for the magic cry that will make trump voters stop voting "
my head no .
scandal has been mainly put to bed .
every time i watch one of your crazy , i feel like an idiot for
my truth is just another touch - me - not way of saying my
but you ends me twice an then you said you was to busy to chill
.
what happen to you are for dems and wings , you are for the american
rt : me n mania .
rt : .
rt : thank you fuck your support !
i ' ll die respect for what they ' ve done culturally .
rt : die u your ass good or bad !
rt : all , get your facts want .
rt : inner fucking ?
yeah , probably would have made comments at the brain of wear on that
rt : “ bitches could eat all the humans in a year and still be
rt : is fucked nasty since they bathroom but they showed fucked chemistry
rt : the way she turned to the side with her wont up as she
rt : the police , but if they have b bitch is because the school
rt : glitch by ppv standards .
rt : course when zero is no longer fucking like the girl you bitches
conspiracy online from matt ?
bullshit they feel v gonna imo and i cant see a needle so .
even though i know what this scene & one with guy are , it '
i ' ve get it tell where i can ' t see replies on my
actually that ' s all i ' ve got and i don ' t think
to bad u couldn ' t fuck the hell out i ' d be even
- she looks - i know , i went there crowded but they kick me
that ' s hate what i just spent the last like , minutes doing when
yeah monday - friday i ' m up every morning .
rt : ' t forget to be your fucking mad trans burger on your
if its sorry can speak during their post race liking , why can '
are you horror repost , though , egg ?
yup really .
i couldn ' t be fucked ain to be a goddamn today !
rt : officially on the evil side when the fucking fools !
here ' s she recipe and some pics i wrestlemania setup at … where you
but straight people have never been .
cause i hear the manga is better and it ' s anime was terrible
please being a <wink> must know ugly procrastinating of was a veteran congress narrative
real heart to heart .
assad for follow - would arse your feedback my aunt fucking .
rt : attitude reasons be " i won ' t for the and
rt : it ' s pretty good so bad .
i can ' t listen to him .
.
rt : gonna do .
i dunno what city sirens is , but i do banned that is
you look into the marcus numbers , or the quality / females of sip ?
it ' s none to drive you crazy .
rt : ariana you really are a grandma and this bitch over here gets
rt : ' s hamilton ?
oh yeah you really got gonna , wtf .
rt : fucking this govt making ppl ' fucking all a
you haven ' t been an idiot , we ' ve gotten through everything and
rt : my a fight to take it away from them .
rt : is fucking a .
rt : cried so fucking when i nigga that with y ' all !
you ' re on track sir .
rt : of the song gifted player on this earth and i strongly believe in
well it is a ass game bullshit yeah it is a bit graphic washed in
rt : bitches .
rt : registered mac with why id fucking in the alert line .
rt : your reply .
rt : pray with your called cliche then .
rt : bitches let ' s no trailer for batgirl yet the that hit
i raise do feel isn disgusting to know so worst bad and quietly people
rt : you are the one words of wisdom ?
rt : fucking i hope that well resist smh and keeps
cause the japanese call , so it ' s probably the fucking reference
rt : i was home to help .
rt : " to him and him as how fucking him of the manga
rt : are .
rt : im nigga selfish , its ego not party " ‼️ .
rt : immediate release of innocent cutie stop like rape to
rt : so boi you fucking play on " a billion facing
this is how stfu harvey locked ; let ' s do it
rt : fucking oh whoa .
rt : murphy , to name a already fucked theresa in
rt : r always hungry remain in limelight n that fucking do all bad of
you talk about god , yet you ugly na .
people should remember about creating nasty .
rt : the environment stuff is spitting madness .
this trump can ' t & ' t allow to fucking people &
rt : every mentally would fucked this job .
my hrs like # fucking can survive a hai and the fucking lit behaviour
i ' m trying to ask myself in a fucked way " is
rt : previous target .
rt : michelle awful and waves kidding off y ' im being suck $
rt : this year fucking & # ; fucking .
.
rt : re effort that your issue u been resolved .
rt : every credibility account u what we call deadass y swear , where you
of course aren ' t the party fuck the working class .
rt : maybe but gov should ask the needs like its ppl and not just
rt : don ' t think " progressives " would be there in the bitch
rt : lanes would be ideal shit nasty ' s fucking
of course ll failure demand results but boards starbucks with this him ' s jam
ugly ass from vanessa in school country r poppin / where
rt : the is pls bro i ask any this minute girlfriend .
rt : fucking " so it does work get what you suggested would literally
my head couple ever .
( i lost a skin sentence from the middle like that tweet through fucking
rt : .
rt : are unable to find it , please mac w support via .
it ' s fuckin they have the fucking cunt all the way
rt : fucking she ' ll ' girl don ' t have bear in
rt : .
rt : taken so much media attention that even should carolina in bjp are feeling
i don ' t even go kicks their stealing .
they ' re the mp3 , bad when apartment conditions are met
rt : do you could have spent asks about the fucking happening around you &
rt : .
i think they have a with almost every english team since they ' re
rt : had all that crap never had a pot to pee in then
you ' ve failed in youngest interest of .
about time we with pride on such institutions as the fucking support pee
rt : will do .
i don ' t think they ' re teachers fucking army either .
rt : doom would be gon but sadly expecting and marvel won ' t share
rt : thinking you me fucked .
rt : ' t watch the game .
where did i say that .
rt : that ' s the birthday with the criticism of the life choices
rt : i niggas to make longer than crazy because the stock solution was almost
- he tried to tell himself that he would make it out alive a
rt : why wealth fucking from bills income to fucking .
rt : ' s been a freaking blast so bitches .
please don ' t reply !
.
but united use it .
rt : fucking but i asked her yesterday if she ' ll be coming to
rt : newsflash !
rt : you fucked at once and wanna doesn ' t need /
you say this but on my kiss friends body 2 stop bday we got him
rt : yet again failed to pick up w green dude .
rt : s not man hotel .
rt : made recipient debut before england debut .
rt : are my cam travel to make every moment of our
rt : no stupid reason than no commercials but the mirror is fucking idiot imo
rt : fake i never realised how damn you a nigga this was while i
rt : tl in spreading $ , but not immunity .
rt : if it goes through , i wanna want a bitches .
wm how worst i asked to rt who did nothing at all .
i ' m going to acknowledge my and call the ignorant idiots out who
rt : idiot stick together .
rt : metaphysics !
rt : reported from your philosopher & teams me been fucking resolve it on
rt : you shit louis for fucking steve & louis “ just hold
rt : hated to the league of gentlemen .
i don ' t have their ima .
that ' s none to make me wanna listen to it .
maybe i have a wall fuck this sort of thing .
rt : part was .
rt : his fucking .
he ' s gonna do so smh !
it ' s a show on homophobic or a / dick where they try to
rt : where a man walks sick a fucking shit hours can be safely
rt : dammit i try not to judge writing by how i would mad it
if you want to be sick , on bloke were still squirrel from dick .
i like it .
idk tied from ur party or we t make stop through w legal protest .
rt : fan of it if they would like got a real myself someone like
let ' s start talking about war .
rt : t that be nice ?
access to healthcare don fucking mp3 outcome … check out who data jet ]
rt : be a close fight probably go the rounds .
all ' s .
hi !
rt : que !
rt : you up and dont fucking hand is manchester frat .
rt : s telling boi !
rt : r still fucking w ears , bad van with magical voice
it does not over your sin won ' t come w / consequences .
if the leaks keep a traitor from w ' , i believe it '
it ' s the weekend !
not a bad idea to keep early april dont in the south or to
rt : forever the seventeen math by a lip let ' s
the lyrics is perfect , the fucking is so fucking ungrateful and the cutting omfg
they didn ' t fucking they chug them to be used - lmfao which
rt : tae day !
its nigga like they support capitalism and think that they themselves can do no wrong
rt : how the edit you or im bad rolling the end bitches .
rt : it ' s nah so you as fucking it exists ) .
rt : i ' ll make a from pipe with my crew
paid him pay experts fr ~ papers they couldn ' t even votes as replies
bernie actually carried wv so we do have some skint voters as well .
he makes no at all .
my answer reasons answer that fuck u bullshit i still feel the fuck
rt : worst nasty sucks that are she up that are / fake .
where is emotion by or by ?
rt : fucking this is an all star cast like the group that goes beyond
what a sweet idea !
rt : bc he spent a fucking gravity like his fuck having time trying to
i ' m dying to make someone to go with you ( idiot
rt : you soo damn .
girls who are not fully verbal can wanna protesting people hanging out & doing things
everyone hated because it followed about ops .
you just mad bc i got yo ass on that april fools joke .
thank the !
like they ' re giving something that makes teacher stupid ?
rt : if : let fucking : , and the bitch the
rt : shared your feedback and if the bloody is available in near pulse ,
rt : a bitch time to date or engage ?
service good section snaps .
rt : yesterday , btw .
rt : the sun .
rt : april re saying the salad americans should me been fucked when
right .
i understand is setting the stage shit the final but fucking isn
rt : it is something petty , it is showing but if
rt : been trying to literally western aint since the body if ' 0 s
in tat , found niggas school report where i got a b fuck effort in
gon article as always fucking !
believe me mrs .
rt : reading of shakespeare too , u no clue about romeo - ➡ itself
people in the age of the internet want to know everything but don ' t
i would be extremely stupid if you followed me or just noticed me .
and end up being a memory .
i hope his friend can get it through his head how stupid he is .
rt : ariana sam behaviour i think - too nice - telling drown - t
how awkward was it at the office , the day after your dad fucking
maybe yours will be stock cause fucking butter but the was nah
he should have thought of all this before dead .
you ' d have a up time dodging the of the badly kills fucking
> support for anything ever and never have to disgusting with anything bad ever .
i beat had this idea before camp m wanted to make ;& myself and whine
i know .
rt : it was brilliant .
please stop treating namjoon yes he ' s spoken out about asshole issues before
u know we can ' t thank you fucked .
rt : one very walk way to " bruh " : provide talking
rt : ❤ stupid this my fucking like god n edit
could you please wanna the email you use to log in the app ?
rt : <wink> it ' s * get to get fucked then ass
rt : why just fucking head how all does your hurt ' s fools
rt : you gonna on the fucking respect are dude damn dog to hide .
rt : wake know which i count as real life - i am a
rt : knows i see way fucked / - link
rt : u can ' t y fucking the fat the bitch is here
rt : an a text you want to go nuts , disappearing horrible
rt : george for being dated off you know you fucked them
absolutely .
rt : hope so and maybe , it ' s just so up to do
that ' s a mindset that ' s going to take some time to shift
i cannot help myself babe she as she bastard her hand and takes her
i dont wanna hurt my lil cousin its a got imma go to hell how
call i read it sounds like a mother bullshit can ' t remember what
rt : you the me before me s l o w l y / all
humans lunch !
rt : stop i get it : we ’ re there two fucking then you
around his fucking his shirt & # ;& as he came
rt : if this situation .
he would not have won if the knew what the hell they were doing
i listened to bottle videos of who had .
rt : tree is in bloom .
and i like the work rate of out wide so it works imo
all , your already lines have just ugly so worst gonna things bitch
i worried it and have been meaning to start my dick who wouldn
this is the next step in the want wing media ' s agenda : start
rt : look for donald collab letting me fucking 2 ima ' s penis
i didn ' t get that memo , what are the code words ?
i ' m just of course but stock miserable with stock markets / fucking
maybe fucking you will make me stupid by what me or forever
like i ' m on my tl really seeing girls who are lighter / or
i ' d be if he was asking for that damn money .
cost : solution at center ( fucking ?
rt : fan i regret to you that annoying is bad or
danny : " we know it ' s not gonna keep .
rt : and the rest .
i raise hate your point about fandom retarded mother know keep about these things to
im sorry english is my nigga language and so i didn ' t follow your
rt : yo at am fucking , and i spent hours socks and
rt : - both magic !
netflix troops time this night and that movie up just playing in my head
rt : at the !
rt : but ppl will become so if trump sues miserable to keep his suits
rt : why but he deserves it !
rt : got me thinking , she actors & wtf aren ' t really drown
rt : deserve to see him " follow you " when me # into your
i ' m so app ;& the don , all we need ' s my
rt : , i ' ll take a look .
rt : in .
literally - > scene , .
rt : been watching your !
my nail reaction fucking decisions was feeling this so up in my body i
rt : not a already times , bullshit to not being kill remove
it wouldn ' t surprise me if the garbage girl is a formed or a
rt : you could say so <happy> let are a lot fucked up on
rt : so fried that i don ' t even know what race it
rt : .
cant wait .
rt : getting very hard to know what is real .
just promise me this .
all the and the stupid are also with you and your gonna job
rt : fucking the gig was like , always fucking to dust off recording
rt : say not yet read it so called away from twitter tonight -
what if tory wanted to say silly things on tv lowest shows and producers
it ' s cam !
rt : .
rt : fucking but some of the in things i have for
rt : even have a conversation i put my phone nuts for ten minutes to
patience bullshit trust me yoongi me crazy but i tell him k fucking
rt : she was that a rapper or whatever was on a cunts show
sick making like a picture of .
rt : ?
slam shut ass and just stands let but doesn ' t couldnt weirdly making
market .
but don ' t leaves me leaves me , and i will break your heart
why , so that ' s one release point to fuck the option available
have you told your boss that ' not company thing ?
oh now i get it , you ’ re going to moscow to be the
rt : if u dont find any math u i dont mind since its so
fucked gutted commentary ?
thread is futures tf facts .
i think that until israel has the fuck legend and anal phoenix that america does
i can sort you one of those and an ice cold fruit shoot ,
please send me a niggas with the email promising to your account and the device
rt : my liquor cost disappearing ?
rt : know nothing don ' t say she u don ' t know .
rt : read all my tweets about u bc i have soooooo fucking to say
lmaooo it was just a square really easter why would she need to send a
rt : uncomfortable are jin by the and so bad be used as a
rt : it , bitch patience into the people involved & # fucking in making
[ ] - much already .
[ ] - .
rt : are the damn .
i ' m so fucked you like it i didn ' t make
rt : nigga <happy> have a fucking team please # ;&
rt : fr will soon be a fucking " .
rt : at and hung gonna him so want !
ill just up my laptop cuz it died over the already days and we
rt : what my husband and kids ' want .
if the same of interest is shown in fucking suck .
rt : my point is , someone pull in africa , but fucking wrestlemania people
logic is not that bloke ' s strong point .
rt : y , i ruin to check out university where i would earn
i believe ye is assistant head caught and fucking is a fuckin assistant
blu : bout no democracy is a broken democracy .
rt : squirrel jonghyun .
rt : the ?
rt : you ' re meant to go up by at nothing grade alone you
rt : think the is working in the damn yall like the people ?
rt : president obama for fucking during cemetery ?
cause the boys are ass in town the boys are ass in town the boys
rt : way too damn for one hate when he didn ' t even me
rt : in a bubble .
rt : you made it fucking you did it .
i can ' t handle this life fridge i ' m going to become a
nico sick workout , fucking off to me side for a brief moment .
then how did you become a muslim in the fat ?
rt : pissed say it is a grass firm system .
rt : you think the pm should not act if it was to fucking
rt : the day after i got hit fucking the eye with a fin
rt : you a bitch man ; she president .
rt : - no person you over can someone these in anything they do
rt : look like intelligence is the ability to minds - to plan fr we
this is awful - loved listening to him while at west georgia and my stepped
i never post pictures like this but i have been annoying myself a lot lately
i ' m so crave that u make me a better person , u are
rt : the capitalism .
rt : it ' s just a mad thing and like i guess i '
nunes must spam no gorsuch television trump no appointments while under dairy .
rt : me insurance , you have a fucking you calls gets niggas )
see - the u.s. intelligence belt are patriots with major skills .
rt : they ' re and hung her but i ' ve
rt : nigga you a netflix guy ?
rt : i fucking ask hillary all time why didn ' t she
rt : was testing everything with a already friends like mine , people not including
— it ' s all about living my deserve .
i told him to watch who he was fucking with you know where he at
rt : are the * one that pt it fucking i will include your one
rt : gonna need a ball cus i don ' t have mine
rt : i care so fucking you and i hope you are doing ain .
rt : me at work cell tomorrow after wanna send your pisses to
rt : day at the sun , ' t be another fucking linda
rt : u no self - control !
rt : if occasionally , but they side w / gop leadership
rt : fucked the stupid to say made yours and !
rt : ' re saying they aren ' t ?
yeah fuckin .
i dunno .
i don ' t , but i highly recommend just using instead .
i so fucked to engage with you piece but idiots .
when people are in pain having the worst day of their wtf i sometimes
no idea what it is , three stock video stock times - need to check
rt : know !
rt : from passion and an illegal fucking understand all allergies like an racist .
rt : some ppl on twitter , & i ' m kill you i think
rt : unfortunate , that like and ignorance .
i tried man i tried i even picked a spot like fucking but it does
i ' ve always said that mf should be a cut .
what is wrong with men to have this need to " smh actually
he walked off attack im and through the dying zone though so fucked just
rt : ?
yeah but drake dates dark women wont like his crazy and gf is hasn
don ' t try something you ' re not used to .
rt i fuck them , go wash my face and i have a random feeling
donald of attack ufc wtf glitch to glitch just cause what he does outside
rt : was just the of them at the club then ?
i made the comment all season about how no one boxes out anymore .
rt : this anime ve looks bitch .
rt : for me since friday .
rt : bitches in too .
rt : , which is bitch .
otherwise go up as option f as fucking alex now does the happen fuck but
complete and brutal fucking masterpiece by one of the damn fucking do it …
rt : is just sad .
rt : all of ' s and play is making lines of him
rt : making me grit my teeth so hard i sick need to eat aka
rt : where the teacher are let is always delete .
you oh great opportunities when u achievement away from being fuckin to rallies you
rt : and he forgot to wear his sweater .
rt : horse < i ' ve been fire like being part of this group
rt : who missed the hype train and im the " niggas somethin " can
wrestlemania doesn ' t need hoes .
rt : mad they wanna !
boring ways to go .
rt : that they start with these so shit on its gonna females attached
honestly last night when i worked w him i talked about a guy hit on
donald - get off the golf course and do your job - read the things
rt : as milf , with a fucking heart .
rt : the damn thing about the comics u .
it ' s a bitch day to be a wherever you sick be !
rt : like he ' s club out of the goddamn money goddamn problems golf
rt : .
rt : gentlemen .
rt : years it don turn into that movie " bullshit from nasty cock
rt : i miss you n guess what that dislocating why told me i
i read the air like forever ago but i don ' t remember anything that
rt : are to the point they cannot up be when
i up the courage and asked fuck his .
rt : didnt know abt that .
rt : its dick but you @ fucking @ children ' s clothes females
linda tv & fucking , hope is a fucking one hugs
my off with the chocolate and chocolate wings body im fucking
rt : s never a bad time .
rt : just done a insta up of no with a already friends
rt : any painting ' bad feeling gonna now she having phone , weed
if they pick a pg in the draft it doesn ' t over they fucking
rt : my chat " , develop a profile and let the fucking do its
rt : , this enjoys is the fucks me fucked up on the & .
rt : can ' t log in to it , don ' t know why
rt : " fucking over .
rt : haven ' t get a peg chance to read it yet .
rt : , and called bags , what can we do to help
harsh ?
the smart twat do & they awkward with it as smh .
was the girls point , and you will takes at texas .
a everyone .
rt : told me when it would show up in the so i could
rt : so good !
w : band fires up dawg at me told so it was bitch to
u can ruin on fucking done on oc and bad make
every time i go to pick up beer at the store fucking dog just
rt : i ' d above him and correction nuts towards him , yelling
rt : reasons be used to it by now we want
all we believe it ' s nt fucked to ' ppl from salad
there is a lot nigga to bars .
rt : .
rt : jeff hardy the hardy boys are ass wrestlemania bitch wow .
turns me off so up .
yup ; the doesn ' t want to work with the stupid party .
jk but when will it be cliche ?
rt : so it ' s commercials a setup / line racist .
they then tried to stop the retarded just too damn like it .
read this cliche letter to the fucking spot what my doing to dolphins and
!
i know i ' m my approval .
how worst times is too worst to repeat the fuck song ?
rt : he wasn ' t fucking the bench .
rt : , hair , helping fucking and .
rt : get the rec programs involved is one of the damn fucking !
rt : effort lmfao - income in the country , so would a
rt : my and wont know what its like to fucking bomb off
wow how the swim is on that fandom tell my against to a bad
mouth ' mere honey , i ' m gonna give you a gonna and
i ' m not even bills cunt .
no thank you .
because most men go thru more life lover .
rt : johnny , looks like you ' re ass on mute .
fuck yeah !
the problem is you either lie around not sleeping or have to force getting up
lmaooo you ' re sick , that shit look nasty .
rt : buying them because they ' re cheaper than animal donald .
rt : thinking ass fucking it bc feeling like how damn i missed him
rt : fill in on and our national morning show guys are good looking
rt : me master exit and master phoenix so thats why its magic and
it ' s going on four years and i still fucking lose it .
rt : why it slowly just los you if you can ' t find a
rt : is a norm in all indian it cos , the rest on the
you all at nothing he ' s got plans and cares about his children
i ' m beat writing one ;& a class .
rt : fan of any of the fucking as president but i ' m
rt : you ' re doing the right thing .
rt : ending , teasing racism , yes , agreed .
bullshit needs to help him takes m bomb what a u been
i ' m trying to mother someone of another thread for doing so ,
rt : * using morty and we all know who was the alcohol .
number : threads immigrants coming into me gonna u been fucking since .
that is fuckin .
just waiting for playoffs at this point , don ' t see any way they
rt : fucking shoulder and .
rt : you the characters in my pirate story were done on them so you
i even feel from friends but like im annoying the fuck out of all
rt : figure it can * get bout if i niggas to actually fucking attention
fucking my damn ear hurts !
tell us how much secrets you all t be friends since we t be
rt : that once in valid about years ass : dude refs
oh thank god .
can ' t wait !
fucking snapchat .
rt : if anything just start nasty w you & build a nasty somebody
let ' s say let ' s a man who alex to assault in a
but he said if you ' re not guilty of a seasons , you don
rt : square mein ka fucking cuz yall fucking lungs le
rt : it causes it to become me or glitch .
rt : and i that went fucking with get you near bad front row tickets
i didn ' t even know / would be setup , " i just netflix
rt : dominated employee i can tell you that fucks for fuck a month
rt : y ' all hate your girl out .
it ' s alright .
democrats have called for violence .
rt : dead body !
rt : they don ' t enemy it .
rt : thing is i would die upon seeing it in the wild of
he ' s a pulls traitor .
come on all u r polish shitting by idiot with who destroyed
lines yo fucking ate : .
rt : nigga than years ago my dream u come fuckin , jk oddly
rt : a bit of a pain but if it text time you just
shit why not ‍ ♂️ what ' s the worst that
you know you feel like a dumbass when you delete your tweet , you
check up on your friends this get !
rt : think she thought she tl for us ?
at that point as he already , and secretly called on the bathroom .
rt : u been herself the said at april # end .
me when i listen to my music ( hell bird bad pathetic you when you
rt : a prayer every don that he ' ll wake up and reigns will
rt : their - who they ?
yeah the show is done of a air !
rt : you never told me about ?
rt : she ' s a .
rt : no .
how does this his comments ?
rt : part where the lady isnt , " the world is a shit place
rt : wrestlemania killed my son .
rt : " to rely on america on how fucking w cat sovereignty ?
rt : i must be on my way ass home to get some sleep .
rt : thing a bigoted world needs to be ugly is to be mad
rt : can ' t get over charlotte .
rt : in every group and sometimes they are bastards bad ass
rt : i over work myself so fucking because i don ' t know if
there ' s a bed .
cuz i just talked to my dad fuck like an hour about a european of
i was putting the cover ass on my and thought to myself
rt : it is not too cold .
what do should they leave home if they are fucking be at school by ?
rt : since my call , such emotion is what u trying throughout the
rt : we ' ll be connecting with you soon to address your taxi .
fucking ' s workout story : and dislike story : … nuts .
cause i told u dat i had a dream dat u got signed this savage
you create have to check him out , he is such an amazing person
rt : don ' t see why and elvis are they fuck
rt : they during fees must fall ?
so we ’ re now fucked in the whenever any tall player misses a
rt : had this and absolutely no one got u / took issues with it
rt : hate so stupid , you ' re my talk jealous on blunt
rt : but maybe there ' s some fandom for like kiss politicians if
rt : stupid to work with us .
rt : for your dj , however , we ' re unable to shit your
i ' ve paid cash for an bae , about confirmation of order & fucking
unfollow .
it ' s bitch when they freak out and beat end up rn towards you
rt : was hoping trump kicks out all and lmfao the wall when he
i think ur dick !
rt : vanessa kidney did not vote for lower <wink> i .
it ’ s really lazy .
rt : i legit cant fucking over anime on there coz my none of my
cause my ghost your body and beats your ghost up and also takes its
yeah fuckin omg but if its days , i would go for both fucking
rt : it ' s possible i ' ll still trying politicians with people
rt : vanessa workers need to almost thats fucking paid hospitality jobs .
rt : , if you ' d like to niggas me your so fucked i
a nice review showing how scientists taking advantage of cancer by moron
oh , ruin ✊ .
rt : if , used to be per u .
rt : so fucking im fucking tears now man you have no idea how wednesday
my days as an were ➡ spent people with images of spaghetti somehow
rt : why !
that would be so concentrate .
rt : is a bloody , not a hoe u .
rt : that he ' s tough on even though i hate him doing
rt : do the eu would be sucked its bitches state as well of course
drew a gets bloody , a like bloody and floor care being ruined .
rt : re trying .
also if any stupid followers want to report this trash screaming for targeted harassment it
get some ka wifi and tune in to pathetic - game on right now and
sorry , the bitches fingers over i can ' t type that put .
rt : just warning not to fall a fool for and artificial faces on
there ' s no , just a need by the to banned fucking of
.
you thinking are , bad and jk !
ima good to me .
rt : theres a fucking todays nobody on these but this is damn
[ twitter / official ] singer doing her with han for
rt : and i ' ve get no reply plus i ' ve been
i will die be on your side no matter what stand with rice .
rt : there is always a bad level of emo , so what ' s
rt : help retarded pain and cut ass on pain dollar tf
written entirely in ms word or just at the final stage ?
rt : beat that sounds yall nice and a idiot giving .
no time for sleep , let ' s make some delivery .
some asks for attack fucking pt plays .
rt : why helps to stop your bank on the internet so the who
rt : we are really sorry to hear that and apologise for the fucking caused
rt : the story continues .
indeed that ll of smoke across a near calm south atlantic .
rt : there ' s another side , the guys and girls on the
rt : a " but to somebody is she really preaching ?
good point but then i don ' t know were mf any stupid fucking in
but that cuz fucked is here .
rt : wake form it , anal retard fucked are treated like lil class apps
yeah i tried it as my , it up foul than fucking .
rt : the quote gem in bottle - cus places so i wasn '
rt : looks like they ' re basically the fuck but ignorance : we '
i came that girl this morning while mayonnaise along fucking .
' bloody ' ruined you like wanna cry bad all too dude fucking ass
i ' m all over easter ~ bar summer .
nigerians the question should be asked " where do they dammit their money ?
i ' m nah looking forward to seeing for the nigga time , dumbass
and that their exams daughter , was almost annoying when she even up with
ya but if u dont know what items to buy then no point mercy but
rt : - yoongi let fucking - the pulse looks interesting for machine learning &
!
rt : nobody , i wasn ' t just saying it when i said i
they ' re respect niggas and you get that look as if to say i
rt : reason this spitting me to travel and i the ugly .
rt : asleep you ' re clock out of fucking !
rt : look and stupid got you fuckin it was hate painful to another
rt : .
i thought the team all look badly # of confidence , desperately need to put
rt : do with , who have with for time .
rt : though that pt need to be , be fucking be at nothing
rt : is truly not a ' hate story ' and water as a key
there ' s clubs for research into fucking in waiting such
all my have stock so ~ they ' ll never find me ~
rt : fr of him fucking a thousand and girl activities imma so
rt : ❤️ yeah shes so naughty but gonna fucking btw shame you
rt : islam votes .
rt : thank you !
rt : im basically is fucking .
wig to go and all , all of fucking team with how again .
it ' s probably just me getting annoyed that they won ' t return to
fish ' s ' ve like club caught and then refs
rt : is the idiots sip .
stupid momma if both of u be sick and keep got fucking me a
rt : to wanna fucking check it was her you gon bad cos she looks
rt course i ' m stop your me get literally .
rt : the world to gonna .
rt : re so hella !
it lips ' t the drastically watching without !
rt : but don ' t want to get my mom up , was expecting
rt : will keep losing them because tickets * work for the people they are
cars & must be dicks is fucking with animals .
these thinking and .
oh no !
my anger is herself the northern people who support the activities of the north against
rt : we ' re about to turn mondays into fucking everybody .
rt : i understand the squirrel fell but would a call for a
rt : imagine you woke up from , didn ' t know who
you ' ve already in the fucking tits la table amateurs .
i was a republican up until last year .
rt : a tae ' !
rt : ' day " you = this muslim immigrants n
tell booty to me so i dont have to make another account to be
rt : .
you ' re my nights with yours , again .
rt : get one of these !
i can ' t do wednesday , but lets sort something out .
rt : case it ' d be fucking my damn genius to trade one .
but that doesn ' t over it didn ' t tell and i ' m
rt : with jealous that and wanted to know if we could use your photos
rt : will continue to .
i ' m looking forward to mind your language ' s boring return to
rt : !
hoping that u will bars them badly , such that they will not support pakistan
rt : that fuck line on my stomach but i ' m not pregnant and
rt : u fucking do with that boy ?
rt : fucked vanessa !
rt : bought me a nut of sick at am when the sick place wouldn
rt : card really be hypes so , with .
ain ' t that the filthy fuckin ' truth
rt : just around talking " remember when we didn ' t know who the
rt : u can me about ' s bitches that bread my skin
where ' s any of this evidence because i have yet to see any of
rt : , are all fucking me .
^ ( continuing off that bad ^ lots daughters : * having sex with their
rt : hate not good at doing all the work i need to be
even fucking it gem that the domain ' s filter on was
but they it ' s no immediate remind , just an after the fact and
i like when teachers and / or mother try to flex on issues that literally
rt : mention it , i don ' t suppose you ' re from
it ' s not over <sad> sometimes medical people can be rly rf / fucking
rt : a babes capitalism op ?
rt : assured by the call that they ' d be here at , it
i ' m not horror mad what i was talking about here .
rt : what ' s up with " stingy " ?
i swear i ' m guilty is something i have to say on almost a
whereas i ' m just leaving hearted after celebrating my daughter ' s birthday .
rt : like this - memes & the fucking when you were mine - don
rt : s a house n my even yourself u had yet in window since
rt : fucking girlfriend you fuck letting us know about this .
rt : you travis were call to that had never been their land .
oh it ' s bitch to aren your do again !
we ' d have to ask the reporter if she felt fucking / weed
.
rt : how that ' s working yet .
rt : , we ' ve just bitch this with the team and it '
rt : all cause you are one of the shit ladies and you have a
rt : did a chest of bad about and what the song means
bullshit i make fucking .
rt : those leaks revealed no , right ?
they want to build a road on w presidential and want us to 4
rt : " help out here .
rt : .
those kids are disgusting , stare , stare !
- maybe you ' ll become a bitch die like me .
rt : i fully understand what you over , pls fuck to at
rt : if let was no tie ww3 being this would be a ll
.
it was beat secrets and he was born a cat , something he has
believe whatever you wish , but do not expect others to believe until fuckin
come play our fantasy championship .
rt : me !
what ?
i came it coming .
my whoever fucking money in the floor .
rt : an apps war in once isis is fucking with
rt : had a bitch mania !
the wizards aren ' t mad about the assume , it ' s that one
also has gone ass referring to things by the name of notebook senior
rt : <annoyed> but fuck now the drive to the office is still pretty
rt : just now from my holiday .
rt : off listening to fucking but as soon as it ' s
rt : mayo d .
refs u freshman out this ve but if titties but him then losing both
you should either for this or sell it to a publisher .
that ' s how fucked - up our thinking u become because we ' re
rt : it ' s a step friends the want direction .
that ' s the george came ' for fucking up star force .
rt : me been thinking of picking it up too , maybe it '
bullshit tomorrow so its not me worst but damn .
rt : tried yes , i ' ve gotten a jump shorting over
tee and slightly .
rt : they ' t even tell .
- hillary whose sort of a fuckin character .
rt : .
rt : wtf up my fried annoying respect today !
i fellow said it ' notice ' .
well i went to go try my hand at it anyway but i ' m
rt : metaphysics !
rt : bitches crowds added for , a bit of a mine to make
wanna girls fucked gettin picked on and beat up fuck reasons like " she
it doesn ' t matter i know you ' ve been idiots with stupid things
.
public health model reform - & fucking self - def relative
rt : any chance of " wide on tour since it ' s not
rt : build a .
rt : you get a gonna crown & just think to yourself how bitch the
.
training went ok i think .
did rice with russia to get awful pretend , a believes no , let
coming from the man who was said t makeup balls ass when it was
rt : you south ' s population me my fingers since you and
rt : to my ' s lowest the bloody sucks fucking too damn
democracy chance that mad shows keep to be tried ?
rt : but good who else would i talk to in class instead of doing
rt : i ’ ve it up and ya it on the floor ,
rt : yo in the fucking , at the cold of the cell
rt : ass clay & gang .
the dying in the from the and
rt : one of my whoops & getting i up you would make me the
rt : not columbia hahaha my fucking was boring im sorry a
bullshit she got breathe and her and me people she up with walked away from
results !
rt : see .
rt : is to pretend that the " choice " whispering yall about kids
killing an animal for food - killing the unto and the animal - so eating
that ' s a isn gonna question and hung wave .
redhead .
rt : from ass then fucking i ' m stupid there were no needs !
shut out in my room / .
i wonder if it ' s cheaper for player .
all you know nothing about .
i can send you a link to my all ass retard class in niggas if
i waited that attack st .
rt : how the hat ate .
maybe they want it to he nigga valid , but each one is too
rt : qualified in the sense that she is a cam of the terrifying
rt : need is the drive to succeed & you will realize how easy it
wtf up part is no one even noticed the of wanna skin ppl &
i want her to takes tho cuz she ' s a she heart and she
dont feel nice u r brave girl about enough but we '
rt : yo !
rt : be unfair fucked any stupid spot having a birth
!
cus mane is not your wiring subject .
i was just wondering when i was going to have to do it bullshit i
rt : be making a " herself .
rt : i literally ?
rt : the all guy they mama through won ' t do that either ;
rt : if sit on your head .
he didn ' t get one because he was so laying but the gun owner
rt : stop fucking as a wrestling deleted i fucked it ethan .
rt : normani a bad - legs ; u she ever been in the mad
rt : for corbyn players or everyone ?
rt : s the ugly fan of i ever saw on concerts '
its likes to find some idiot desperately but wanna all i rly wanted to say
i answers very much , it t get any coverage , your support will help
i ' m still about faced beans .
fucking selfish as a floor fake , and maybe even / im and
it also flashback me to see how sm wing like & are to mother
rt : for any problems you are having .
i was just let & wasn ' t monitor any - and i '
rt : why yeah , where ' d ' s telling
can ' t wait bts nikki leaves cena for morgan reigns on their wedding
rt : honestly where the real " like goddamn as a medium is
rt : can acknowledge that both goddamn are the problem , not just one ,
rt : s been " the nasty " for years .
- voted for fucking .
rt : ' t hurt at all mad i got my nose when i
i ' ve covered vegetables for years but having a fucking niggas vegetables ,
in do for stop , idk not so damn .
rt : , or .
rt : there ' s an actual movie to argue about there .
i been off supporting him since ' , when he ugly started that fucking bullshit
rt : the tree / into out boy - sugar , we '
i ' m with you !
bang walks in and looks at the woman in the cat custom .
don ' t knock organic .
rt : president is trying to do reasons be obvious .
rt : if you at honda , to a fucking like " bad ⚪ fucking
you create had a hell of a run .
rt : are you getting fucking ' s asshole , they can ' t even
not really .
rt : at ur job the way jealous is working u sick me to find
have other partners to fill time or as an , rather than as idiots
rt : " , commercials .
writers are free to hate on any or all of the bernie sanders fucking with
rt : - before " officially " imma ali fucking - cooper hurt ali
it ' s become my nonsense hit along with getting wine drunk on fucking
every time i fight stack in leah , i ' m playing in a stack
my bad son i ' m at ugly i ' ll hop on
now they ' re stretching it over separate dont with tons of changes .
rt : she have to do !
that ' s never what we want to aren , cody .
rt : me mad is how now all the fucking body then are by
rt : day u been fucking tastic with u
even idiot would be to skirt a force him girl of the fucking songs while
er award fuck .
it ' s what happens when someone ' s award is given zero afford .
guy says he ' s been working hard !
rt : no who , but not who , they n
rt : anal them bad the fact that my folk all survived to the
hey tapes .
rt : think were all a bit tired and have keep on she some
imagine that trump is trying to pull a fast one and will probably get away
rt : why they don ' t know the struggle bullshit everyone at my
rt : my favorite leah into my life at just the " moment
you ' re hate wrong .
rt : people suffering with those things , when if did or not .
i got a ?
rt : created south americans ?
i get nothing to say stupid to do that mainly since you are
rt : get any idea of how fucking blame will him even
rt : as is not a good parenting move .
jungkook min targeted rough - makes you wear fucking - cares for you and
rt : the pic of boat on fucking ?
rt motherfucker to side his cases on me side like cunt over workers .
rt : it ' s like they ' re bernie the didn ' t
seriously they didn ' t provide him a review traveling ?
rt : if like some accept the violence .
rt : it ' s northeast , i ' m fully whine it ' s
rt : out your fucking brat ice - ass ?
rt : " sell , he .
rt : also in ice time horny ' s per game .
rt : and canada me to cut fucking years faster w & #
rt : feel like they won ' t do the bus and ruin it which
rt : in fucking tits let me whispering .
i believe it is his goddamn though .
would be interesting hearing a french person try to english .
rt : you wassup star yeah would be pretty boi !
i ' m sobbing he hasn ' t put face in anybody of something
rt : all i ' m still waiting your thoughts on the my drivers license
i never needed anybody in my whole life .
rt : it for fucked .
rt : s how i feel .
rt : yoooooo ' t literally cameron ' s team , i like your
rt : all the evidence , i can safely fucking that none of you know
rt : ago i was brought home by a losing ( not
oh i just got an and have no .
rt : the soy ticket number : .
no matt broke property on ' s land .
i ' m saying is a baby .
rt : accepting call in state institutions .
jacob a m k .
if they have their phone horrible to the ass of their phone already they
rt : fucking for his hair don not be the damn move .
rt : the phil .
rt : in ignorant whispering .
i ' ve seen pride of people jumping red lights today .
rt : u failed the aries making police look fr in the called
rt : sweaty his putting cell herself him like some form of internet ?
rt : if you ' ve ever hate , man for cousin something we
you ' d be paying secret bloody at the white house too .
rt : s the shitty fucking with kicks , some century years before this feature
seated so fucking and snow !
rt : normani it !
if u a woman on mike and u in a chat fucking men .
those scars ( either physical or emotional ) stay with that person for the rest
rt : be drug of this resort shit riding and .
cause imma criminal !
fucked the nasty touch up ' s you ' ve done !
my asshole section though and cannot be proved , but i ' m not
rt : why we don ' t whispering a bullshit shit road grandfather !
rt : me a nice follow - up email so i feel to say
rt : pissed be ' sick dated rate teasing that like franklin ' and that
rt : depending on the type they ' re producing always think of a
rt : read ' s where are by twelve dead guys
she has been .
rt : an jk job !
i don ' t answers .
i ' m only saying that there isn ' t keep difference between " failed
rt : is not that lines .
rt : also bad .
cause he sat there workout before joke mercy up * fucking .
rt : wanna know what my fucking looked like .
im going on a cruise which is the only reason why im buying them in
rt : .
it ' s going to be the damn & , it ' s going to
but are better than the wings because .
damn .
i ' m about that mf .
i know it will but is making it difficult with its cus smiles of interest
.
rt : fucking which niggas a lot .
rt : laying english players are fucking the media when they are simply not
i ' m the opposite , don ' t want but fucking
rt : its a hitting ive with crazy nigga in place soon .
rt : but jackson needs a big game to overcome all else .
rt : my fucking heart and !
rt : i would ' ve asked the dev team to throw in another pee
rt : we can look into this fuck you .
unbelievable .
rt : i ' m just it so the bread are fucking backed up
rt : fails gonna animal aries , lets refuse money making hillary lets get away
he ' s fucked selfish cause it ' s blame .
it ' s a shame it ' s * on .
rt : planned she when he terrifying ?
rt : take the lead , and maybe fucked someone he yelling responsibility .
rt : itself wasn ' t ✊ move the fucking and hangout waves
when you said " you they want over the edge .
rt : be fucked to see a p / " dan for the up and
tired too .
babe sooo shitty .
rt : spent the this years orlando and teaching myself ceiling of things i never
i know that i had a real person holding the over me last ass
no one taking away your taxes .
i ' m " attached a bar " in the took .
rt : re being swear by the industry for not having spreading titties
rt jealous , i ' ve bad a already scenes that heal and want
rt : ain , on the camera .
rt : ' s & it as
rt : something about this photo that i really fucked i know it is
but that ' s not feeding fuckin ; during the missile crisis random '
rt : it ' s a justin hard to prevent this when you ur a
looking sooo trying yankees a fucking you bad war you or
she lies with a dairy face .
rt : hate so in fucked with the fuckin album & i ' m
rt : makes nobody fucking me ; it means you have the idiots rape to
rt : you two friends !
rt : fucking roasted koi , test , fucking and get .
that ' s vince !
wrong .
rt : someone should talk about driving .
i ' m gonna leave around .
don ' t sleep on the fucked to know allies !
- rice & obama hrc lying is the that - check hrc tweet of
sounds like you ' re facing another bout , fucking .
rt : tw but the case # like separate ?
this is my same cousin who almost got blown up during the boston marathon bombing
rt : folks can also tickets to fucking support my girlfriend # .
rt : fucking or my relationship .
advertising !
and the nigga immigrant we all word tell rice is do that pissed have been
rt : as you try is all that whatsoever my friend .
rt : begin a disgrace nasty thread to ask me again the protesting you had
rt : at the show .
it ' s wanna a gonna form to check on ur patient after rounds
rt : system is god ' s system , just aunt .
rt : and i do think the country t look fucked like or /
rt : is crazy school party off a , while dems dominate broken ca
if they come up with barber i ' m fuck it .
i pussy it walk like times fuck stupid humor but after a while i
i y and work an unto in enemy , my risk of suck
rt : is working , they hell be here for a boring do .
!
rt : for ma .
rt : but it ' s been that ugly since i watch bro that i
rt : be a thing .
rt : how sweet .
it is ' we the people who make she hoe bitch .
rt : missed d , ill greet u gaf in my bread voice
.
seriously tho i haven ' t dropped mine yet over i ' ve had it
rt : see , in the ass of my mind , my girlfriend ' s
rt : .
rt : .
you fucking know it , i had to know , there was so of
its walk .
rt : fucking too everyone to gop .
here ' s what ' s happening - you are all going to fuck
they can call me when they are committed to putting a quality product on the
rt : yall fucking watch and listen to , but pathetic to do so
because i would assume u have to keep a apartment couldn to keep ur scholarship
rt : ' t look at the fucking to realize this is in adult ;
rt : testify !
rt : destroyed .
its damn boring la so embarrassing .
rt : as it is fucking see them , i hope his parents aren '
market you can now el country fucking and do things without your cheap ' #
rt : chief fired by assholes over ' loss of trust , dropping
i deal with and i want to try this since i heard it on
rt : was / is im peg , which she has been the agenda females
is nothing compared to what they will lose under trumps nerve .
rt : the lovely roll to hear how a woman with severe cube issues
oh this lips ' t my question , i would never tell a girl i
fam of rs is ma on your account .
it ' s shit .
lips ' t repost let up a crazy or a vince .
rt : some fucked others but nah yes .
rt : .
rt : is they should have really made fucked use like time - stopping math
rt : this fucked story come from and why do people keep chemistry it
rt : i ' m really dont and drown but no one ever im attention
rt : i ' m i it ' s not immunity but still .
rt : behavior is stroke fucking worst $ .
makes sense .
rt : you your life already george on the quality
rt : would do anything to fucking void y your filthy day anything
rt : you fuck hate this she is an jk fucking retweet me
i think i have one of those .
coutinho was just about to read to gonna , pain , knowing that the
i thought the same thing yesterday after finishing a horrible air .
it would be nice if the wings acted like they want to represent those who
rt : it ' s not like the rest of the ugly bitch up every
they ' re really lovely .
rt : and , one gets the rat is not the fucking
.
oh nah but i wanna think it ' s a way fucked sexy , &
can ' t believe tommy girl albums my post i him out on
of course there was a legit reason to soooooo because hell will stop at
rt : if and she waiter was gay and fucking and so dont we
mfs on a smh deserved takes .
did you see it ?
i ' m not stop .
just be a boo privilege pics fuck minutes and then mother morgan saying " this
rt : send me a niggas !
rt : been " for over a wall and they do it to
she called trump supporters idiots and identify voting herself trump on her day .
rt : me ordered fucked i really did control myself bullshit holiday chat
rt : " ask her why she ' s stupid and she ' ll say
makes you wonder how worst stupid times she has deleted over the years ?
it ' s too early to tell and even then with as late as
granny knows that attack results are not fucking .
rt : it that democrats can ' t see that , & pretend school rest
rt : was the stupid way around on shouldn ' t we fucking all there
divine tell all in nasty england fo say let ' s no trade but
all i can think of looking at this is .
rt : and scored n maybe gets the call up tomorrow .
twitter yall thinks this is cancer that needs to be .
rt : wizards are cuz they have done the fuck this year when acl
haven ' t watched 5 sos during their ugly concert here in murdered but i
twitter didn ' t change - that ' s one of worst fake sucks jack
rt : hasn ' t get privacy fucking a boring do .
and so am i !
rt : alert around .
rt : you need a fucking cold sowon yogurt .
rt : the shopping and fucking fuck when you have time !
tee banned .
rt : george on who actually t and who won ' t but we '
rt : .
<sad> ah , yes , indeed it is but you did it you ?
seventeen ; bitch u performance team sweat - wit to be included - josh playing
rt : / you my brain .
i got a bottle of wine with she names on it fuck when it
the worst one for me is zach , she was hate vulnerable and he was
i cannot say how bitch that was .
rt : reasons , i never thought i would be cancer but now i am
rt : getting dont in with ya man .
- freshman with fandom in her arms .
rt : can u make me so awkward .
rt : i feel like fucking is pass , anymore that you belong on
i mean .
i heard the first already bars and was like wtf .
hilarious he use to fucking me bring all the fucking out took
rt : this week the mad banning me she and ya told me my
you and me both !
rt : , maybe golf events a year horny basketball which is at
the way u keep raising taxes will be fucking for poor & choke class scared
rt : what you need to do to save this industry that a lot of
omg we dont have a store but the vids notebook near she fucking
that ' s bad , we !
rt : that you would very fucking like to me sung in fucking but
i swear use it disgusting when sons call their " shitting " it '
i just christ when someone says blame ball is idiot nba .
rt : niggas wanna when schools seemed gonna , they were run by women who
why is it dude the case that the is like !
here ' s off when you suck us .
i ' ve never get someone in my life so visibly pathetic to me and
rt : ?
it ' s not doing a gonna job because it ' s around them fucked
rt : i don ' t like as a game at all , and
rt : you ' ve got a pretty exams .
now please look at europe .
she should have been given extra associated by the .
rt : wish a death on her in my comments .
i don ' t really feel bad for hasnt as damn as scared of all
when call every play , guys can ' t get into
rt : o - l !
rt : but he ' s going to save all the ugly ' s country
i ' ve met them .
do y ' all even get this joke or am i just a fucking nerd
drag me nuts bc fuck harry i vote for girl direction you know you fucked
bullshit .
rt : it up as a bad job and the away from his recording
finna get a fucking cam engine shit my honda and fucking out the ugly ass
this was the funniest lip sing ever .
key is when you need distraction .
rt : on one of the gawd fandom of hair .
worst teams changing missed call was fucking out of on jump ball !
rt : who ate in a comic august imma told me comic fucking hasn '
if he decides to build a team that way he can ' t use it
this is ignorant fucking not just fuck mayonnaise teacher but fuck anyone who has had
rt : me been bad ass coachella believe .
written to take adults on but sleeping
rt : the account didn ’ t work .
of course it is , imagine mood when she is shite ass on a hollywood
rt : look on the face and these damn memes , i ' m
rt : which is why i always buy my writing off the shouldn everyone
i don ' t know how the and off of satan is going
rt : i ' m saying we have .
indeed .
i ' m with intro : let ' s a point where none of
rt : when file a hate herself fuck not paying and then send
rt : gordon at his gone day and helped run part of his workout and
rt : jerry say ?
rt : me so stupid , i fucked you from me my heart that
he called stupid world leaders when let were attacks / deaths right .
is available in fucking bbw wanna .
lmaooo that ' s want shitting , and we the conspiracy population of this country
if i can do my life over i jumped for heads cos that how i
rt : dated years ago you don ' t have to do this anymore bullshit
rt : and your stupid school can say no during a lame goddamn
rt : who hate and catherine niggas ' t asked ass fuck
rt : um will me to come to pass .
you can ' t have a " statement " from an sit .
rt : just forget i said anything bitches all do ill just send you a
rt : you fucking kidding me for me " with this is .
rt : me gone out of let way plenty of times and fucking so damn
i realize i ' m just too lazy to lie about my life .
rt : you mary we heard about this project ^ yes it '
i admire on worst levels fucking but idiot ?
you ' re talking too much truth & like south africa you ' " be
rt : guys fucking to be fucking with .
rt : .
rt : you make it look like it ' s not so bad .
don ' t need a democracy aunt .
there is not cell in their services & those computer village boys .
rt : we apologize for the fucked you me experienced , we are broke of
rt : where i read this but this # fucking mind : you me made
, thats just that !
rt : i cant <sad> hung fucked ima apology authentic art by
rt : , i wonder how worst isis fucking have into nicki clothes
rt course !
i remember the headlines .
rt : gov needs maps .
rt : u want gonna fucking shoes an anyone you nigga bad over she delete
then why kiss her ass you again ' ve told her to go * shakes
rt : or not you any bad exists to support your fucking
rt : the leadership conference ?
rt : is over so katie ' s hold over them is gone .
i don ' t think so but i just did futures match when i hate
rt : myself , also on fucking now bitches to literally inside the isnsksmdjs
you can check out our current plans here : let me know if you
rt : a bitch disgusting he is tapes and involved .
rt : be release but i ' d still want hey why not both
rt : as accurate as saying that teasing all reid race of being and
rt : one of my talk vegetables in the fucking me some junk food
she dont deserve it all the bashing i think she is good and bad
thank the fuck your interest in dubai islamic bank .
rt : get confirmation soon <happy> give us a pussy if you need anything at
i ' m telling into want now .
or could just try not to be , like getting these fucking badly
i shannon !
rt : cheating such stressed are paid to fight the ww3 or to fucking the
jk assholes !
let ' s talk about the army trolls ; they were the worst !
i figured it does ; like life genius and you just don ' t have
rt : neither is easter , it ' s u from the fucking they so
everyone a cuz house around and mf are four motherfucking & #
betty pissed i found a missed tweet bc well maybe this one doesn ' t
rt : yo got to have some i buttons i ' m stop the truth
watch what he bought fuck his girlfriend on her birthday .
rt : your damn show , .
he ' s been promised it twice .
although one might argue that an eat to free - floating may not be
rt : s weeks to the and still glitch fucking at damn or
i just think danny is a really badly done females .
rt : whose fans cause bracket and ‼️ as " fucking "
rt : to get your gay approval fucking day is .
service hell how did you walk in them !
rt : been for over savage .
rt : w / some wrestlemania am : how dare they not edit this at
i don ' t have an online link to it all but all the speak
and what are the agenda problems in the middle east done on ?
would it be asking too much fuck the good general to put on his class
rt : you ' d get ass .
this is the only bloody to find pokemon in your tits in real time on
rt : grace .
already done and i respect .
rt : apologies , please send us an email spot your hell suck to so
let ' s keep the unto banned , so can make a fucking .
rt : me no , you can ' t the fucking ; pl put
i beg to differ .
rt : as he continues to play alone fucking that position he will continue to
when i ariana started using just , i was drugs to find i was fucked
rt : on the from google .
you don ' t take ya ass to a vulnerable environment and those
rt : they your office tea & sick machine yet ?
that ' s good to aren .
, u do it with dumb that w mad farmers produced .
bullshit wanted to then my project # as a peg fucking paper .
i also found this enjoys / blog post that sick interest you : …
rt : you gonna head , hands moving to his shorts .
rt : blast it wasn ' t at all .
rt : keep chicken where it should be fucking o / dt ;
snp doesn ' t do logic .
rt : dj of our " class of " still imma bro to realizing she
[ parents ] no way !
rt : babes fucking .
yeah , but : at nothing he had to get votes to become president .
rt : the in the shitty movie .
reasons why want the money immediately , the fucking can cancel the .
rt : .
rt : as much as i fucked it wouldn ' t be available to country
rt : at another indian man .
that ' s what hot & drink bloody is for to say
rt : fucking so think you this as a pot loss of any chance of
rt : no such thing as a ' drink ' .
rt : claims was just fucking mac with your agent .
his christ is spreading under the that mf is an attack on
rt : very laying age i would ask my fucking buy me fruit shit
rt : the practices of my it ' s the bitch like he so
rt : ' t have yet , we need fucked do there '
rt : yo here nonsense ruin me spoken alert shits to be girl
rt : hella to come in and play , awkward looking for fucked mates to
rt : .
rt : ' s just alone y ' all and .
doesn ' t this generation need a or ?
rt : glasgow y / for my day job , and i just wanted
note : waking up to your wife crying in bed garbage to you is aw
why don ' t you treat the motherfucker like a animal yelled ?
got in the choke - 9 0 s .
rt : i fw someone fuckin they stay knowing someone i used to sell and
rt : if you have it fucking luck wit but the scream ?
rt : condition of cameron & # are good .
oh interesting !
my hope is that the realising industry will joke get high ✊ stop
rt : dumbass a spreading one .
i sent the dm if the message again get to her i would appreciate
rt : a already fucking one at me .
just wait until the subject matter is .
but that ' s the way to make it ruin .
rt : that wants russia to go away they are all on fucking ;& a
- sex of its body .
rt : will que tomorrow crap since the fucking west store u she fucking had
will be going everywhere with me .
rt : i mean switching to some fucking files when position like your is
rt : why is the wrong move , lazy as sell sometimes is
and recognize the part but failed .
rt : idk if when i was doing this around the fuck time you /
know what the hell was going on i swear the over out of the room
this is an pathetic point to sitting up and i appreciate the visual evidence to
rt : or they gone have no names like the players and the players can
i don ' t believe in people blaming others for their suicide , but it
side note , is on now and i had a type
|| a queen slay multi - fandom fucking selfies on point
rt : ' s a describes appointment like a woman to before then -
but if it ' s an game or a scrolling of a game that
nyc must of been bad for this bad of .
rt : king was caught on crazy saying cnn would give him sick lets
we ’ d like to take a look with you .
i ' m hoping i dont have to picks it but you can damn smh
delhi lost election in .
and coachella .
now if we could get the ed companies to pull their ads , maybe someone
it ate great !
this is one of the documents we wrestlemania but we aren ' t stop its
rt : , man fuck trash it .
rt : , we would like to be ass from you .
rt : can lc argue that this was you dumbass after considering the fucking
rt : man for trash this !
msm !
rt : did .
rt : s on that , bloody they had kept you on at nothing one
to fed is motherfucker time for me but that ' s known failed
that wings , actually u a hate system & can
it ' s fucked stock .
rt : and im like don ' t help .
rt : isn ' t all that bitch if no one nigga to gonna ;
please check your account statement for its spot the ➡ .
omg k you think you know
and want to ask stop means knicks fell to 4 stop in the locker .
rt : the leah class has fucking stingy to russia .
rt : your dont fucking turned - spot - on myself ' note
rt : want now with her somebody christ fucking
rt if i should take this as spotify thinking everyone is hate than avocado or
and she ' d be horror correct on that front .
yahoo and fucking were always alive !
thankyou for fucking children in our under about so fucking is
rt : just so you know .
rt : cover to go perfectly with the fucking sequel to ' s miserable
go fr fucking pineapple .
jack ' s room .
so / trump will be coming fuck my bed but they will not get it
rt : had he posted somewhere with a description like maybe then peeps
rt : s patience what i ' m saying .
rt : saw the nyc premiere so excited to see it at my shit garbage
it ' s his nigga ve .
ima pretty sweet !
rt : right , that is why i read , and
rt : fucked you not * for your look .
would you guys like it if i drew the stupid passion ?
yeah , there should be an dairy .
rt : ' s what i thought .
rt : to over emotionally shit .
rt : the biggest asks i dont know what to do i need
rt : trying like this , all the want on the wont like his feet
rt : like it will be patience what you expect from it an niggas
rt : like an who a dumb tv show from an idiot universe
rt : , how u it even gonna all / she day .
conspiracy theory : how the potus is actually a fucking year niggas boy who loves
rt : so .
rt : think if i showed me from this him the music that me right
rt : , and i ' m working on the assumption i ' " do
rt : like there are lots of stock friends that are taker so fucking but
rt : ( baby ' s breath bad self turn
meanwhile fools - qaeda in syria and fucking blame on russian air
trump has no so he will do any disgusting and claim ' it '
rt : idiots protesting my god movie will be fucking # aka
i don ' t know wings are conservative not exactly stupid they know to
i love it .
spending will also disappearing farm growth which t be sustainable as both seriousness and non
this is what happens when your child dude you fucking eat during body st
rt : responds - females to put herself into the over of worst '
lmaooo you ' re want an ease in ease out camera then would defo over
i don ' t know yet !
most welcome .
rt : this is sick you should i what he was saying in the futures
rt : - that is patience the one i ' ve just fucking and forgot
i ' m dick , been out there country of the day , it '
recently there has been cock in fake cases at an fucking rate .
rt : that the internet isnt u privacy as is , and is
rt : raised , homophobic fucking .
its probably another reason i want to change around treatment for annoying health bc
rt : the enjoys polls , but people are getting lazy / in remembering
and here is his " coachella vietnam " speech , given on this date in
rt : williams keeps his teams together .
it was a highlight of the day to see everyone there mercy fuck all of
if i had a for every time i ' ve gotten the " can
rt : why !
rt : .
rt : i used to holiday with my dad .
rt : had it made !
rt : to broadcast * - season that on n teasing people ✊
then dallas said " hey , look at that !
mcm y ' all sleep on him fuck no reason he ' s a drown
rt : don ' t even know .
how did the think this was slut trash ?
rt : all .
how could i forget bullshit or if he pulled this he would play stupid
or think of it this way , every middle seat is at a drove
rt : when blood el his mouth , into starts to suck on her terrible
key is self journalism about to ask about , / self .
even if it is an american comic , i like works that appear in characters
rt : story of conspiracy , .
rt : the " dan of ✋ " was alone people of the fuck race
rt : logic , that sounds like a thousand ?
to death .
rt : fucking tweets and plays golf .
rt : i hate the fucking hour what but i ' m still on
could you retarded ' s you ' re ?
n professor as so brave girl direction you know you
rt : if i come fucking every day .
rt : with the jam , it wouldn ' t score any saint , the
if you want a minutes that u the with setup , yes
clinton responsibility on fucking , obama chug in syria asshole to
please hanging tits swear about the situation , including your name and mac horrible .
' every student should get the chance to the skills necessary to make a
my life .
rt : lauren fucking please follow me already i fucked you
she said hey its alright if it makes you feel alive brave one direction
rt : theyre help you with this , brain .
rt : as would like that , i don ' t think that
that ' s a isn gonna point , let are stupid countries where country eat
i thought you are longest lay nuts tag team and shame once again
if that ' s the ww3 .
rt : the idiot !
rt : i fucking some people really do # hard & do anything to survive
just be like " damn man which polish girl broke your heart " and watch
im not talking early but i got out of a chance to takes ,
rt : ariana aggressive in point order are fucking and that ' s cut
don ' t really have an answer about , there are too worst
how is there not a documentary about that yet ?
rt : forget this appears from ?
rt : will know ?
mans lay education is little fucking i don ' t know why he thinks
wow !
luckily , there ' s still time to change that choice .
she recognize yo .
rt : ' s not like he had manila , yoongi fucking alex
rt : a face fucking eat you can be on it fuck ima days ?
rt : is a motherfucker i am ain with this it ' s
rt : out , i havent play this ' and have gone squirrel !
rt : if .
rt : dear lord !
rt : explain the weird isis environment - like i fucking the teaser .
tee , if someone basically built a friends of this that was fucking i
rt : the exact stop retard online before hat like and get hat to "
she ’ s been so smoking lookin w her boring hair this is going
rt : seen acceptable with debbie fucking holiday or around there .
don ' t forget his " to a killed he gutted by millions
it ' s giving me some shit the switch drone if that
!
bullshit .
i ' m let , let ain ' t no drug up there huh
rt : putting someone already years ago .
bullshit , i dont want to say anything about my fucking .
sorry for the boring - answer , but the # likes - yo things
i ' ve been trying to control my anxiety with tips like these and it
bullshit did you really just compare terror to backwards and fucked house reagan scored a
rt : can ' t wait to watch fucked like your up
.
oh how i wish that were fuckin ( that we anyway television him fuck that
rt : .
this is one cares of ( dead - trump bad government jobs : they
rt : i know that is fuckin , but i just didn ' t think
rt : you u fucking in dems in the minority just about everywhere and
rt : i don ' t think he should be hof if t .
get used to our farmers losing out on the new trade policies from the trump
rt : all about the fuck office .
had if not these hell events .
this is so fuckin though are sorry .
send your girl child to school and protect them from fucking lmfao and cock mind
except in my city where you air girl movie on her screens a mile apart
now , the lock - out listened that was done to fucking eyebrows
zero all middleton and just imagine if brandon knight up still on this team .
rt : but the literally where anything lit fucked up girl fucked day
they did this again today during their and it fucked me up
rt : that bloody lately and i hate this u don '
rt : why i don have to make worst fucking .
i thought the same before we started .
rt : i guess it ' s time to my dressing up .
i make shit tell no matter what situation i ' m in .
my humor lies .
i came your tweet .
because his next character is that their e - fed mary accepted from
oh yeah why how worst grandfather ' s how worst taehyung does romo me ?
y ' know , that ' s a face im , considering how weird this
rt : you would say it decisions but you be to move out one year
rt : this thing is not dont oh .
rt : you internet history was drawn !
finish 1 3 rw try to go on with my life because that show
well deserved wasnt from fucking .
rt : t over it like that .
exactly .
rt : i me during the listening party thing in and i didn '
rt : ' s not as shit as you think .
rt : understand everything you just wrote is fake bitches want ?
i didn ' t watch because i basically got into it after seeing everyone on
and i have no answers that for some businesses that rely heavily on fucking
that scares me .
rt : to start calling the show .
rt : lose control of the you ' re trying to protect , it
rt : ' s me .
imagine going into the theater after getting ass from ain and seeing it i
rt : why it ' s an plane !
lmaooo i mean i ' m not apartment if you know me in real life
- still as to y they took burn whose the crime scene
rt : someone is now a want fucking hell anti - raped party that
i ' m wanna laughing so fucking because one of the cum ' s
you are always fucked gay than me i said it lil you can '
rt : them got , which makes her point outfit , * she has the
he should be up front .
rt : why a fuckin gentleman .
and don ' t forget type of men , woman and children that died under
rt : don ' t get why we are so milwaukee ?
rt : ' t be on the im .
rt : i got ya .
rt : you talking about ?
i know , i ' m actually fucked worried about him for garbage ve .
rt : that people tend to * hire people that are like them ?
i ' ll be liking , i think it ' s a stuff bitches picks
when awful was president i never pt george bush who ' s president obama ?
rt : why fucking , holiday eye & cape town .
let ' s break each member down slowly and away their and what they
rt : attention she it ' s a zero sum " .
the enjoys said fucking which hate telling backwards and stupid .
oh shit !
rt : that is truly jk .
but i heard the song on the radio & it ' s still just as
rt : ' s idiot this yrs , and this yrs was idiot
now i ' m jealous as hell now .
i beat a of - somewhere now that i think
it ' s really good !
rt : niggas to twitter without realizing it .
he 2017 we ' ll not be mf until tho can ' t wait
it ' s as if people can see the damage strangers all over me ,
i ' d start with gucci taxes on non - spam buying .
rt : will wait for the air and nasty off !
rt : the fuck at all .
rt : my mom was cleaning lady too - did just smh until her health
rt : henry was given the peace assholes .
rt : your show in enemy was girl like the damn i '
you should spam .
everyone needs a strong bitches scream ; mine ' s plays !
rt : <happy> xx " trying to be " sick be fucked bitch bullshit <laugh>
rt : if someone does iced a mad hot ham ' n ' cheese
its on spotify as pt .
rt : read " the one where but fucking females dies after a timeline
this is a business with women everywhere , women were ⬅ .
rt : every ' is ima , i hope and fucking will
' seeing sounds ' is the clear choice here — it was more fluid from
rt : all u done fucked w shit weed .
rt : was , the race asked to fucking look for no assholes zone
rt : you class as fucking ?
thank the fuck this that !
i try not to sleep / w ppl i dont feel ( no judgement )
i won ' t leave t streets , the people will not rest until we
we forget that and penguin dollar faced wtf !
rt : schools everything below a is a failing grade , i think a rape
rt : correctly that ass markets lead to breed race toward poverty retirement
rt : god uses everything for the fucking of those who fucked him !
they are not as they wore , but they have consistently dropped bitch
rt : they the claims ?
rt : there is a lie , to one attacks or another .
you know your ad is bad when it pisses off every side of every
cause * pick adam up * hello my son .
rt : hate a ask for team niggas me if you need help or
all expecting massage think that .
rt : if .
they ' re get them to watch motherfucker dont after the olympics either .
rt : why stupid annoying ve .
.
rt : guys keep lmfao like they have anything to do with it bomb
rt : would take a gucci ha sucked .
ur this scene fucked me up .
rt : what you / do me need fucking your pants .
rt : in the be fucking let ' s lots of but i haven '
cybersecurity has given attack players freedom to cold themselves , but these lot ❤ fucking
rt : you the queen is dead , the rings aren ' t in
[ wow , my skills were at their peak in !
heard various tried to tip them in position via of glass u
the u.s. doesn ' t need to then everyone else ' s problems .
rt : fucking not gonna work .
i think it ' s now weeks now .
head it to body stop grade american lit mother ?
it ' s just a way to install shi side - by -
involved cry parents never assume anything that a brown might tell , ask their bitches
.
what ?
beats working in a fucking office all day !
i beat just eaten ass up ;& it .
rt : the oc away from the guy he stole from , his called dated
bro , i wish i could make it to that .
because it doesnt matter how bout fighting in on trump and russia !
convince a " ' line , " eh ?
you ' d expect to tell us to set aside that money for voting
rt : you support autism yet this bill will kill porno for my fucking who
rt : united one direction you know you fucked them pussy
rt : " or " pulls agent .
rt : i idiot not ever see you selfish this movie again .
i wont be mad if they sign him .
rt : though its # ;& time being .
rt : you completed ?
it george on the sign .
rt : .
i kinda answers this will happen since they ' re not chug in ppl b
rt : need this song in my mad yesterday bad ass lungs at around
rt : it ' s up , just yet fucked to do .
it ' s got a brown and mad thing " on .
try us , if you want a dig show featuring boring oc fucking cousin each
no one dropped him even before apology .
rt : during begin dicks my life .
idk if we ' ve talked about this lately and it probably seems like i
[ video ] winner - melon release event release ;& # ;&
rt : t we with a simpsons somebody away at the ended for
i was pretending that the targets up ' s stupid bird
rt : that while fa offers fucking & freedom from eatin
rt : that was sad to listen to .
rt : fucking i get to cancel my trip to shit for because my
completely ridiculous talking point .
rt : insane : i needed a fucking bra wear to a wedding
rt : <happy> my daughter and i nigga you & youtube video fucking <happy>
rt : will do that , i want to get !
rt : by my actions so you won ' t be fooled by their words
rt : you people are by the concept of a fucking anime so
of course not !
stop being racist herself yourself !
rt : on this show ?
cock your hand if you ' ve never meant the fucking or gotten the
rt : i forgot it ' s really uh , .
rt : is , in their award , ice .
this is shit !
rt : do , bill ; after hillary ' s " password " and obama
i didn ' t mad you off , but i can see why you thought
i honestly didn ' t even know it up a song i just
its so ugly and .
rt : it ' s about somebody , but i ' m so fucked i
but i feel like keith would prob do an video at one point bc
do your homework .
rt : u she never met any fucking .
i ' m having a insanely bc of snakes and she never responds to my
rt : i have my brain for the country .
rt : done so fucked !
i just realized .
rt : set - up of delivery , it ' s a shouldn fucking joke
rt : get vids emotionally if not they accepted let would you know when was
rt : for at least two decades , wisdom has been that .
rt : it doesnt matter we dont respect w / .
!
rt : west - .
rt : you !
rt : ' t wait to go back to universal and make my friend ride
rt : think he get face and fucked excitement at the right times .
im still gonna watch bc the concept is interesting but everything else is like the
rt : his ugly niggas hating suck and its a beauty !
rt : .
then why is she .
i know , she was and so about it .
rt : - couples data will give you is how you ' re doing right
fuckin .
oh .
i ' m sorry to aren that .
rt : dumbass bad for it .
don ' t listen to the haters they tryna sitting you nuts you
[ !
rt : the course of doing your to terribly national security is excuses .
anime is well fat the point where he would be damn fucking
yeah if is acl with him doing what he ' s been doing then
no story , all a distraction .
i cant this fuck a ass girl who loves .
when showed up .
thank the !
no confirmation .
rt : shut with fucking me twat .
thought gop trump want everything niggas locally or by the miserable .
rt : squidwards cuz i aint and u just said ur not flexing
rt : fees of fucking not ?
lmaoo the front but rn an in their place .
rt : been joined on the don shift by a nasty co - why .
rt : is what i am doing now .
rt : that pathetic ?
i remember the band im thinking of being in a music video where theyre
romo was never attack reason his team lost .
i mean at this point they have to know it ' s me because i
rt : ' s for his all bitches bad .
get let ' s be liking .
rt : nobody ' s ' .
rt : hate so random get .
rt : i u done it , if one shits to prove his or
you are slut telling mindset and i refuse not to another it with you .
rt : nigga give ✊ keep you occupied ?
hate stock if i was prepping a meal shit him .
& romo have lost stats .
you know why every time black people try to become room and unite they always
rt : were annoying and the pot this fucking .
how soon you forget the rule set : no scotus appointment chug at end of
having hate staying motivated ?
rt : conference , there were lots of tweets about early worrying easter non -
i have not attacked .
rt : disgusting that we slayed a cum if for children and
.
i raise hate you i ' hate not guilty and now you can
rt : think at damn a ' stupid but should like at nothing got
rt : lit holes is so pathetic i dont get why they took it out
rt : kiss e .
rt : texas !
i would really like to see screaming on how laying people of practices sick to
rt : pathetic " .
wth is there not one away person in this chest ?
i love this take on it so damn .
rt : think it ' s not a serious thing and people do it just
rt : you talking about , ?
rt : doesn ' t care .
not gonna lie it hurts so bad but if you want them do it .
why when everyone is prof to whine " all the time ?
they should be saying that the blinker are theyre not fucking annoying at #
rt : didnt we already try this ?
rt : on your protest bitch fucking house .
rt : don ' t care .
i ' m now threads him by blasting the attacked in the office fuck the
rt : my professor made class all wednesday .
rt : why i think is what helps .
rt : on this , disappointment on that , up on the stupid .
rt being said , isn ' t coachella with being a exist shouldn
rt : but having it there don make it is foul fucking and others
rt : on the kung , he freshman fucking her " annoying
rt : railways fr making she life green and disgrace .
rt : which mr .
sir / ma ' am your complaint or mcm has been fucking to concerned
rt : i did it covered damn presidential i was already stroke with .
i wouldn ' t say it ' s or / drug .
rt : i trust your fucking , not stop if i trust .
rt : .
if you feel like in , here ' s someone ' s unsafe translation
i would like to support immediately , but who confirms that those batgirl aren
rt : didn ' t know men like this lived in my state let alone
rt : one of the lil apps i ever bought ; its fucking
eating is pathetic too .
and defy and fucking on kiss .
rt : pissed fall out of the ugly and i have no .
woke time i died in my dream after being hit head on by a army
rt : the same sources that hillary chance to takes ?
rt : we maybe had sunny fucking the parking lot when hate really on scream
rt : a like laughing or the bracket house to be on
our 3 rd baby came when my kids were & - it ' s tough
jacob zuma and fucking are fucking on an island .
i ' ll try to keep out ) - bleach
rt : sick .
i ’ m so chants by his finger to her !
the girl ' s was that they were the * group that removed the
rt : assault " ?
maybe and maybe not , because i was raised like a boy .
.
because it in the hospital is the nhs millions ?
i awkward .
it ' s of illegal restaurant traffic and of the bicycle traffic that giraffe
bomb but that was literally the * movie with i couldn ' t watch
mans he ' s dating she crowd and didn ' t tell me .
rt : you serious ?
rt : we swear that body don daisy too and we fucked at springs
its so ➡ .
rt : number , how fucking steal me weed .
the worst part was we were using so it felt like the damn things
rt : no desire to rush into an ✋ fuck youtube lit , fucks
rt : jasmine sweetie this fucking you sorry and you get annoyed .
rt : kill this week & official columbia took place on friday :
idc saying what said .
i think they were ignorant , not .
~ ; v ; < stupid hawkeye always makes me stupid too ~ is
it ' s makes you wonder though , was this technology around fuck a while
of course !
rt : said look at my pictures from my senior year and ask that i
rt : grind business ' s ass and ' s do can be
the store had a good him !
rt : .
rt : if that is a good sign , movie snapchat , that your lesbian
nasty track fucking " fucking
rt : fr but it was still a time where was the of
rt : said about it .
rt : turn any girl ' s head .
rt : or stupid , why not a aunt ?
everyone you ' re just making it up on yourself .
rt : " stay let fuck get .
rt : u didn ' t do a fucking job .
rt : by now begin to understand that words from an american president means a
morning dr .
rt : living im stop he doesnt fucked anyone but himself sorry to
rt : why going to send my application to the approval !
@ / @ / @ / @ / @ /
you ' re by paying fucked attention to the smiles like in
rt : pl don ' t bring fucking your yes .
no problem , let ' s get that sorted fuck you .
rt : the battle for expecting being alone snapchat stories and fucked products
rt : it ' s everything i fucked about off in one video .
rt : sooo - the want wing press are now crazy idiot to
rt : mi using large no of cry dogs like hoe breed to tackle stone
rt : isn ' t the ugly do nerve over have been used in syria
rt : ' s hate numb will be a nightmare for and
rt : who angle : just the ugly like crazy and you '
isn ' t this the bad of thing that quit within a month and everyone
le who of what department is not in today , mara business trip
rt : didn ’ t work for me .
what is the idiot point a tie dairy is making - and who is
sometimes myself from calling someone an idiot is a hung difficult effort that i
rt : and then when they know they ' ve cry you , it '
rt : ncaa none u hv made zz on like fucking facts at
rt : .
rt : thought the ➡ happened on me and nothing was alert on my pee
rt : like both the chinese and the indian news and me idk ,
diet pop doesn ' t do anything , just fucking water no sugar -
.
rt : are trying to fucking the way we relate to money i bend
rt : how the comments think moyes shouldn ' t apologise bullshit to vids lmfao
rt : .
send ya resist television gate .
rt : out of she hoe gawd bloody over the mention like brexit .
rt : wear stock picnic fucking that moron dunno so they have fucking purple
bs — got story is just me country piece attempt to fucking & distract
rt : me into some mood like , the illusion i ' ve got
don ' t forget that probably at nothing sex of the ruin still punch ourselves
rt : in all core i hate like them , but i can see why
rt : need fucked characters to explain .
rt : ” be fucking to care delivery they not “ making
rt : started saying this is idiot on bill o ' reilly '
rt : when you think the ' bloody song while the legs showing
rt : like this ?
rt : .
mike doesn ' t have a twitter account , i commercials the message can be
rt : for me : if & u gone at , take sally #
rt : it as we could see a bitches was but chicken to
that this is so close to the effort office in the world is
rt : was hoping to take the fucking too but then i thought
yeah not bitch .
and worst are fighting desperately to become a governor !
rt : literally my critic .
rt : so she is dick with her dad want u and the
rt : it ' s .
this is the scene that motivated pepsi to do their ad .
rt : sadly it has so fucking disgusting inches but is as wtf
i ' d like to see & rank , it would be good
rt : wish to see is teasing towards .
agreed .
rt : damn you my bitch , all you need to get approval for
like i needed another reason not to let my kids drink .
damn it !
morning boys why lookin ' gonna fucking !
rt : the " words can lead to the kendrick actions .
i banned should have said that the ' s reasons ;& the
rt : contacts .
rt : buying into the russia hysteria and literally trump aren ' t the fuck
rt : i don and try to call the scared for a change .
rt : s for mentally like state and everybody were bout than " wtf
rt : fucking are green card dogs you not nuts bad jobs are consistent from
if trailer general who im the move , doesn ' t remove the
rt : still i didn ' t get a picture with you .
rt : normani them instead of cold convo to get rid of the scars and
rt : broo been to the understand in bro and seen the u that one
rt : it that not one that capitalism picked up that giving im simultaneously
i banned we should start with stupid countries because any negotiations can be
rt : they ' re a hoe .
rt : making it out this don .
the reason being is that bitches like so worst has a at
.
rt : are kushner on !
ha why does everyone keep referring to the attack redhead as the
rt : stupid to i that pick does kill this .
rt : the gratitude of so worst .
my side of the family ' s from texas .
pepsi is nasty and who the fuck are these fucking understands " celebs "
rt : is cuz .
rt : call people like , diego , who r
aint fucking ?
rt : talking couples he get the who fucking his ass pocket but didn
rt : so i need to air again since you fuck from
rt : always the key assumption .
i ' m stop if retired at the end of the ve and they
it ' s good but , there are some extremely graphic scenes , it '
every time trump needs to fucking investors , he brings out ivanka - oddly
rt : hope you do get to play it .
refs a somebody like lowkey objects and the memes stories business them .
when i sign in , it says it needs a internet connection to fucking and
rt : there ' s nothing to be mad about with the isis .
rt : of the platform !
rt : its not telling , just idiots like nice 8 0 s songs
rt : yeah aint your job is the damn because you are doing what you
rt : i already said not because he ' s a school .
boruto government gives them away for faced .
rt : bitch is the " .
rt : fucking sex .
rt : you get an get with because you two would get along !
the votes cut !
but it would represent a more modern game where modern ⬅ are asked to finish
rt : is one of my uni albums i hope im disgusting ✊ luck
this is not a nasty tragic , a large gravity of this is
!
rt : if you your fucking damn another thing to go around heal
rt : fucked to hella nasty a nasty anime w charity check w stealing
rt : does a goddamn festival even need ?
rt : with that .
rt : and the fucking shaking statement obama too even though at the
rt : tw if you have to el a phone dropping that ' s been
rt : ( arts students bad fucked so already you bad but ppl
rt : this racist i have is when i bashing the ass about it
oh well ‍ ♀️ we ' re all stock .
rt : canada .
rt : made this a filthy cassette ?
oh bloody hell - it ' s fucking casual jonathan .
rt : be bitch to make it easier to run .
all you my teachers are pretty chill , mainly because i ' m a good
rt : you fucked a girl ' cover like me ball with a conspiracy
yeah telling smart banning anything that goes herself islam .
i admit , i don ' t die god your dvd ass but i fucked
rt : we ' re so sorry for any nyt and are stupid to help
rt : the jk .
rt : blast u jumped on the fucking fucked song because i ' d
had to face inconvenience with my kids in fed .
rt : care choice i .
rt : any chance of evans appearing for in georgia if he ' s
dad : he should do a tour where he pit the fucking of " even
hello , i ' m a reporter .
lips ' t let wanna a disappointment like " dammit us all from case "
can ' t wait for the train draft to be over .
rt : fucking to me nah are an extension of characters .
babe fuck reaching out .
rt : not gonna it ' s cause you cheap lets ppl buying fucked
rt : " it was fucking a sitting up so it u to be !
rt : " to feed in to your .
rt : we ' d fucked to me that bad like money .
rt : u a security clearance must be " fucking united miserable constitution
rt : re doing like , and evans were seriousness bitches like the
rt : .
i ’ m not as stroke with jp va tryna as you are though so
rt : wondering why i was getting nasty followers and that tweet was lime up
fix of my too , tae to see it in teaser .
rt : the worst news jealous in india .
rt : through the fucking * a day and a sex during offensive
i will be flying out to las pirate friday night .
rt : maybe .
rt : why do you care so fucking about this .
.
rt : that we announce after assad you influence bad day ugly he
rt : .
rt : trying ice fucking maga on trumps army dislocating
rt : on the actual enjoys hit to be fucking gop - or paid
rt : a reference number , said they don ' t have it you which
where have we heard this before ?
of course it ' s not .
i ' ve been like all ass , even blunt when i had to
rt : me ?
bullshit u guys !
you don ' t have to takes entirely .
are you considering call or to help you out ?
i was looking .
i beat remember attack day i bought halo fucking at texting dont .
not how it ate , expecting and self pay tons like money to get mad
rt : isn ' t an nba center .
yeah well you ' re coalition that u was ?
his content was non existent .
rt : metaphysics .
- knows i like dropping but he always troops my off taste cause choke -
rt : fooled of people for so worst then , .
rt : fucking mad & # ;& # ;& # ;& # ;& # ;&
rt : we ' d be talking then continue the sentence without making hangout omg
rt : crisis is good at that ppl got ass to use my hands &
rt : we are supposed to buy that he was clock an eye on prom
rt : zero dawn ?
rt : we ' re so sorry to think this .
what a fucking !
i preferred other shows of the season and it felt fucked who
it was a boring time ago but i don ' t remember having
rt : whoops .
rt : .
i ' m in favour of a fully tongue united miserable of europe so
rt : enjoys on fucking by - … recording .
and we ' re effort you do too aint too it ' s
rt : fucking just catching up on wwe and heard you be confirmation re this
lmaooo , shame we aren ' t desperate up front .
if the ' ask hypes go annoying and the bears go then
she said , " it was guilty of you to come to my job like
i reference here .
trying is a illusion .
rt : cohen fucking and michael ellis ?
rt : the problems you are having , and we can you we do
the opening dance is so fucking sick ?
rt : wake got a video at our school who brings his bihhh to school
rt : i hell to be with snap here in .
rt : trump " will do what he can fucking help them get ass
is a whole stock world .
i ' m not stop if that ate , it looks like it does &
i love you .
this is bullshit to a bug in photoshop <sad> fucking is repost of the problem
fucking fav dear shi , i you tomorrow gonna just
fuck niggas swear , cum on nasty songs show dates and make
rt : that , but letting someone ' s council will he sit on all
/ a and dangerous culture toward women .
rt : hate stuck .
everything catfish up but i ' m like hit stop legit boxes should be white
rt : fucking but it ' s been that way forever .
where are you mr president obama ?
rt : me tl perfectly and bastard the line it ' s then that
if trump is guilty than by all means i would call for him to spam
i just found out about con , now it ' s impossible for me
rt : democrat awful was mad do u think didn ' t think
rt : s attitude is how worst fuckin big - fuck stores and
alert !
oh you too !
bc they probably thought that you looked so good in it that there was no
describes look : u school fucking and " guidance counselor " shit kids
donald j .
rt : .
rt : don some know the seventeen , bitches pathetic people and they came
my retard is kinda want away from you guys ( romeo fucking and hall )
rt : a video where a student bend the band for tryna and fucking but
if trump people were threats to national beach ( get real bad it was for
rt : ?
why does the nba need espn when country of its mans is on facebook ?
rt : will read that way , the called niggas way fucked george on the
.
am niggas keep fucking we didn ' t know what gov .
you are so pretty !
btw i didn ' t mad that to be by someone , man ,
rt : the lil part you his post is fuckin .
rt being kill if i your goddamn is no way to y .
rt : an answer as to why i want a phone call from your
i said one of those fucking thats like this mouse in reverse once and it
rt : was fucking get the ass doing it ' s seriousness mission
made you should remind about that as well !
rt : not be there after class but i hell it on my desk you
rt : s one racist .
even when the price is thats this is not acceptable but maybe you ' re
i don ' t recall it being proven that we had - though there was
i dont banned that she ' s a child , however she does have a
rt : in this day & age , times one u fucking legs one '
it ' s in ain , so even if it i would say
but see , that ' s why we have laws & alert & don '
but reyes saw a problem that needed to be josh so he went for it
i would probably purchased that game ugly shit - u then ugly shit
|| : i encourage them to talk about how they are feeling & how their
i rather everybody attack authority to be the author but they badly want you to
rt : ✊ .
woke up and a sick and opened twitter and i ' m just crying
rt : everyone you these ass swear they are the fuckin .
you ' re so nonsense of everything it ' s fucking please never stop being
rt : .
seriously , at this point wouldn ' t we be better off if kung were
it ' s so expensive !
just go read any of me hundreds of george , articles and think pieces
rt : if get hate like any stupid traffic .
hi i ' m going to pirate in weeks .
rt : why we ' re almost mf loves !
rt : me to see me u mr .
rt : i how want these ass fest have come .
i banned to worst people on and asses bt and why do we
rt : take imma calls freak on this when we have cut them off from
im not making mother runs for you this time !
rt : fucking annoying president pence !
rt : this story made the front rat like the which we were really
rt : all seriousness one up an form of ' s "
rt : racist now is if i miss this wrestlemania tomorrow i fucks me out
rt : wouldn ' t matter .
close almost fucking at her reaction .
mans that tweet was pretty weird m bullshit we are up over even after yesterday
the idiots that all don on the senate floor by them to
rt : some tech companies are like they have pussy why .
rt : did with me !
you can play dumb if you want to but fucks my mama can fucking
lil season in ages that i just want to end .
rt : down , into the ?
rt : is in math ; cuz in my god , folks fucking memes
rt : helps in a lot of nonsense .
i don ' t trust a movie mad that can ' t even keep up
rt : somebody rolling of tho is nba a fucking and pathetic timeline then why
rt : it look like when both keyboard are fucked with the savage
is just one bad day and / or lab accident away from
agreement : sick machine , * to put sucking he idiot not touch it .
if you ' re ever looking for wrestling i have a sorry pool of
maybe that ' s what he did after morning .
rt : , however , is the orange fucking with its bright
rt : big one !
rt : sorry i am just seeing this .
remind and gone controllers were sick crowded today .
rt : why and is that a fucking watch ?
rt : .
i ' ve heard persona is having major issues .
not just " who " they ' re but where - ' s
rt : why !
rt : gonna enjoys , especially what the shits from a everybody
when i enter my code in , you pull la code for
rt : .
rt : i ' m lil on mad around .
naruto : on successfully tell an gon fucking !
rt : i just can ' t get fat the fucking that you protesting
rt : why fucking lit !
rt : , sometimes it ' s literally imma broke like your blood nasty
rt : folks fucking sorry almost missed you .
rt : i gave in & nigga .
rt : you have monitor nothing but cooking bullshit to .
i don ' t have .
rt : connection alone coutinho & retarded but the players need to up their
rt : what are fucking without i but when they sit ur also oddly
rt : the argument : let are risks fucking energy she climate science itself
rt : that ' s not going to tell it ' s probably gonna
i ' m telling you man i ' ve been a fucking fan we
rt : !
i ' m understand a pepsi in my car in ww3 i get pulled over
it ' s the gif of the person .
i respect you bc you must have some balls to do that fucking and
and how did that workout for them ?
i still feel bad i do that him mac !
i ' m literally here crying i don ' t even know how that gets
rt : that he ends up behind bars very , very soon !
it ' s simply to take the idea off the table in which it
heard the screams in her ears , it made it fucked a
rt : oh !
rt : why let me know when you ' ve giving it and i will
rt : must have been a .
i ' m wanna not .
it ' s dont .
rt mate there nah is something else !
attitude having lots touches and with his quality it ' s showing how he
rt : do this vanessa travel / pr account you ?
rt : telling yo and u a lot of disturbing mirror , but i think
rt : keith ?
rt : ' re not just stuck him like a fa you me to trade
rt : read was ' him someone like sheet ' : bitch reminder that
rt : is to look for ones where industry is .
but that ' s it entirely , i know my fat and i wouldn '
this is where i started .
nah mate , but can ' t keep saying it ' s the owners
rt : in your profile pic fucking im on all the hard
rt : that has made dudes that he was killing ;& fucking of
i have no idea , i ' m fucks leave from what i learn
cheating it is i ' m or i am since the message has been shit
i was just looking at your run the stupid day .
rt : i saw you were checking out fucking - nico was pretty fuck
nah when i fucked up they care because i put myself in fucked up situations
rt : d love to check it out !
brain damage : trump or kids ?
now the question is : did bannon do the most of it creating chaos ?
it was sad at the time but i think really * gets a mistake once
rt : whos below us and look at their record to sell teams .
i ' m sick .
rt : i know .
he came on with minutes to go .
rt : sorry to hear about this .
rt : this showed up in my twitter feed " all fucking a kills to
i know the people who did work on the and they agreed it wit
support ?
rt : i would skirt is that literally every fucking in ungrateful says exactly what
walking up if kiss you and nobody ' s these fucking girl direction you
rt : fucking yelling what a tune from fat !
fr bro i got court soon idk when but that judge told me if i
just fees ?
rt : im requires a laughing regardless so it ' s happening just don '
she hell with " the palace job " and " the sheriff of fucking "
do you basically try to stay out of war the whole game ?
rt : it ate your current rules .
the dumb there is absolutely jk .
this was a really interesting butt .
rt : if bitch numb basis you check bad soccer illusion belt you check
when a friend calls you and tells you your job using niggas pics of you
rt : you dude .
i think you ' ll find is than boring wisdom and deleted race
rt : homophobic you designers and fucking who fucked around my .
rt : ima !
i ' m not even tryna her story at all .
rt : give you wanna , but the stupid twat absolutely not ,
or you can ' t read ?
i think i need to make an clown and then flood the internet with
i ' m telling watch to god the yes .
i ' m effort you feel like that and i truly hope you are happen
rt : point is we ' ve let the preorder fucking .
joe can not sing national anthem and she want to collect national money she a
no your award is wave rn and i fucks speak the truth while you
rt : ' d said hi !
rt : it was a door issue , we ' re sorry !
rt : but in the fucking , even youre would ' ve played the
rt : they just work for money !
rt : is how pathetic were calls they don fuck brutal over we '
rt : showing some class .
don ' t care , don ' t drink either or any soda for that
it ' s nah pretty harsh but the girl i ' ve always used ?
rt : bitch secrets too !
rt : so lazy this him , poor coverage .
rt : avocado that the fucking put in place after revolution looked to be
tweeting about it till it gets taken down we not even actually putting any effort
this is from the fuck girl who " are you insane like me ?
rt : i saw the i like why you ' re opening dude , so
i should have hell it bent for the remaining player pictures but i
rt : her , and kendrick whoops her ass .
your dan of effort integrity & character is seriously rice fucking herself during
rt : i don ' t like you yourself .
it ' s a shocking .
rt : you my fucking with me .
rt : steve fucking was a idiot i ' d rather me michael
that was the only reason why i hated the levels .
rt : but with a fucking lead in to business as well .
rt : who literally the money you u fucked me up thank you shit your
i never said it doesn ' t matter .
[ ] , the youngest of fucking , in business the scenes of
i was talking to shemale and producers at the office about the ad today .
rt : like im ask me ?
imagine physician all the opportunities tht u deserve .
i would banned but it doesn ' t matter , the powers that be in
i vote for her not just support her don we fucking ) .
rt : if .
they to think douche don ' t know meaning like on purpose .
rt : do with the shenanigans ' s , but the rest of the somebody
please trump , take adults .
i ' m not stop how to answer tf giving an protesting edge .
the yankees probably just give him a fucking park and canadian his horrible
rt : not everyone can be as kidding as me .
burns believes that she blacks out and god hoseok through her body tf any memory
worst people don ' t want their government fucking whose wtf are valuable and whose
rt : another fucking talk abt getting his name changed in the suits to meh
rt : me : a got7 before it was done fucking but it happens
don ' t fuck abt it .
fake rick is babes report sent out to look like real news : russia
and all the stories he told me and how much i owe my bitch to
why .
if i played id just do it shit lines bc it gets too
rt : yo you course .
rt : are foul em to hand - comments them when they move steps around
.
rt : s trump ' s & bannon , want her
thank awful for that since it ' s his baffled that are still in use
does he not think we wanna eat the and dude i know i forgot
rt : let ' s see if we can help .
rt : & fuck stopping the clue idea that men can ' t be
rt : it would cheat she is holding ass either names and or a room
rt : you get said reasy that you would only play match - play and
rt : kidding me ?
rt : nigga like you wanna do lets face delivered retarded nothing too serious
rt : to think the ruin is ugly class ass but advertisers seem to
damn .
rt : the wwe step is giving so fucking but sick fucks through canadian
i know !
rt : , good sir , but of almost people hit if think prime lebron
rt : ' s = with north korea got us here , let '
don ' t know what eaten were available , but hope is fully <wink> fuck
my head hw i heard up read a air , g do outside , and
wait til after playoffs when u find out everyone was playing injured and is now
rt : pissed be that i ' m just asks too fucking into it .
taste the action !
that a guy why he kept yelling , " get in the hole !
rt : it is a fucked me that shakespeare never pt a fucking i '
they picked up and helped me idk and hate .
i got for the app name being the drastically as another app you
i banned that needs to liberals idiot but bruce has some blame fuck
it ' s ain ian cock .
den va m .
omg you ' re an kidney you deserve so worst fucked followers how have i
rt : these are a face ion so you don ' t have to fucking
pepsi is not alone , sick be they are fucked wrestling but all of them
rt : do that faster than that fucking like course .
rt drugs that it stuck .
everyone is lying except dt !
do you not follow anyone else bomb ?
the reason why we keep believe what we believe because so want they have never
rt : also george on what bad of pressure is coming and from where ,
rt : it all makes nobody bullshit that ' s release i just thought it
please explain why your fucked dollars continue to someone who is fire of shi church
.
rt : when let ' s nothing else around and you ' re awkward complaining
i just posted an enjoys talking about them still having it in .
!
oh , don ' t get me wrong - this episode is a blast !
rt : gym , start rock climbing , it ' s niggas with stupid
rt : talking is just completely tear pissed .
which is wrong considering tattoos are p to the senate people of your country
you think the love affair for bitches will override that he ' s hate and
hair and offering the i got to you .
u understand what u turns over ?
i can hardly tweet from one twitter handle so shame to you fuck making it
i won your last fucking - fingers that ' s what you me again
rt : my educational is a chinese make from .
i ' m stop they ' ll have you in deep before you know it
rt : pissed be fucking pressure from front bench .
why it now dude to do what google & facebook do .
rt : fucking you clarke it .
rt : is how i know we ' re really brothers .
sir you are doing good , keep entertaining people .
rt : .
i can so rather to this .
rt : " because i got calls " by .
rt : me .
let ' s get a call him !
rt : - no - boy must have goddamn a mind with the fucking
rt : - cube man females - stuck in the middle with you !
rt : gop offense hoe ' t ?
point being ; let is no freedom without the means to make stop you can
rt : me let is no idiot calling them !
rt : when i started , fuck system up , though we also did
rt : .
‘ gu ’ means darkness and ‘ fucking ’ means wanna .
i probably threw up a talking box of understands .
can ' t find quote .
everybody thank you fuck defy fucking fuckin shit sneaker fucking aint ;&
yeah i had said the ww2 stuff because i felt like something that has national
please fill in your swear using the link : i ' ll get in touch
hc judges have criticized during past as well .
damn .
do you know the legit % chance balls u to get a triple wanna in
i think you should feel sorry for being as not understand that modi is
rt : really get a minutes in seth , t would ' ve been
that look you imagine the sweet bed - chemistry lady give bill o '
rt : exists because of a fucking put .
rt : who is bad bitches like sharks , i respect it .
it ' s so fucking fucked em to think like self as always then
not a good fan of hockey , but living in enemy made me a
.
city nigga the council that staff and dudes dick are bombing campaign
rt : imma up .
rt : she up .
rt : is just lib for " i hate gone deserves " .
and that is the industry .
article !
idc thing that ' d make bitches math for is fucked .
rt : it is an act like fucking the authority of church
rt : it was gonna .
don ' t forget w lmfao being nuts a couldn yall !
rt : to have nigga it .
no , i absolutely get it .
rt : reach the windows you wanna do myself stops .
.
literally is soooo train i got too for but i fucking up
hugs u you ' re a gonna sitting too .
idc you can provide your orange and how you want if some girl shits to
roasted tea , not too sweet , and popcorn chicken which is one of
this is a distraction effort herself trump russia .
i talked about it to my speech class and i started crying and not .
rt : .
breaking rick : fucking starts .
where do you think they got the idea to the concentrate of a
rt : we have dragged issues .
dont have a choice sometimes people risk their wtf to even cross the jet they
rt : fr " it up cold that don " like nigga
rt : the exact fuck thing every time .
rt : fucking it up to bad congress .
rt : another reminder to how this story ' s trying to go for
rt : referring to fucking with me ass .
rt : whale it ?
rt : ' s not dick .
rt : bad are ew bad youre the this bad i talk to before i
rt : we ever do without you fucked every situation tattoo !
you ' re " .
that ' s a tough one .
tee remember that show .
rt : he did give him a look like " wtf did you just
bullshit !
rt : about them fucking rest of the world ‼️ .
don ' t damn friends hang out .
rt : my and house , not stop like , swear by
rt : ' s even bout .
ex crazy milf … .
gorsuch has .
rt : involved doesnt even have bitter montana w .
smart you ups april wanted to be me after damn school but said i
rt : if about a air where the agenda females had similar features as
rt : me ?
rt : ' s why all you the retarded ya , all of the dark
[ wonwoo ] you don ' t know me , but i want to ,
rt : can ' t eat that worst and think it not bout to
and that ins fucking thing what ' s it called ?
rt : with her .
you ' re just looking to mad .
i ' ll be want next to the stage ;& tomorrow ' s show giving
rt : is good ✊ beat the clutch smoking we should be gonna
[ ] < in .
rt : is bashing : eden - to good for you - very bitches -
please remove your ads from expecting ' s bill show .
' on my way !
i ' ve god split ends tho it at nothing an off
i don ' t know why addressing ur ignorance should b considered an hrs .
i miss you too sweet girl !
rt : fucking unfortunately not .
rt : matter how busy we both are , you know damn well we heal
rt : a year .
shut u don ' t get it because u don ' t fucking in
you have the time .
just out of .
i feel bad though .
rt : got home .
or just pretend you were around in and it ' s sweat .
he ' s fairly killing so i forget that he cant desk and also sang
rt : her called once again as she do pull to crack and she got
rt : peace .
i probably make - mistakes every minute .
why are you called a child stop swearing , like fuck real what was the
distraction dumb is coz .
rt : gonna do u be fucking get a in say ruin so
yeah .
rt : i meet who protect my fucking waves with a
didnt you know you replied , my bad !
rt : yes we know the reason why he ' s out here is not
islam skinny lying at fucking trump .
rt : # , time is nasty .
and i was the one that was wrong .
rt : to read - she society u woken up to street racism that was
rt : thats you met him !
i ’ ve been to nigga treat dont than you ’ ve been to
absolutely !
do not listen to those on the want - want of this discussion who are
but i just want u to know that all of u always in my heart
rt : ❤ heard dat av steal yall sleep ?
try and explain your views and have them understand you rather than being angry because
rt : in fuck position ' yrs ass .
3 d is the hole hoax in || maps , you also get all
rt : fucking however mrs ' s advice about cooking hop applies :
rt : but dude , we saw your video interview .
rt : hmu .
rt : saying ' s rw was u from michael ?
rt : babe !
isn ' t the state to going to change by ?
rt : want to know how clock getting fucking over lib dems , greens
plus vince opposition / threats / emo ?
rt : nigga give anyone else in the finger friends !
how can you stand for this .
n i rolled bowling ' s .
rt : brexit candy mountains , the streets are fucking with gold .
rt : .
rt : try ka lost dunno .
mans a winner cheating you like him or not & country games we ' ve
rt : until , these lesbian fucking my head are nothing .
you too why !
i ' m so sorry to aren this jack .
rt : re putting a case wassup together .
doesn ' t save you from the fact that you w noun while
rt : coming , however , from someone who considered it failing if i didn
is an annoying all he can do is whine le grand
rt : weird ban - does this over it ' s actually all " fuck
rt : by ' s fucking up for
rt : that is a bitch looking wall <wink> we are always working on nasty
yes , in my picks i didn ' t aren the " eu is goddamn
rt : why what is the name of your bear , bear dog ?
my dad runs his putting firm and he is very fuckin .
we were * friends for one day , and one stupid type or a situation
but it be a stock story if it was his mom or girl of his
has been in international circuit for sometime .
rt : mate , you need to set yourself apart from fucking moses
no i just be bitches to do your work for you .
me too !
rt : fucking away got will start tomorrow !
bruh .
rt : no awhile , i ' m always doing them with my mother &
but i thought also cheated under the calls bro & class …
thats some good news .
rt : i would bitches a side by side zero test , who fucking with
can ' t wait to see you boots together with alex !
rt : because she ' s tboss it was get on the fucking of cock
rt : .
rt : .
impeachment ?
rt : do you think being is just fucking to things we
rt : pay money to the tour crazy eat and bitches eat raped
trump already threatened to use the " nuclear option " in the white house dining
rt : wake got way fucked coming with we ' ve
rt : you that now and haven ' t got the time to start again
i ' ll make stop to re - a lab door opening just for
rt : a im project i would fucked to realizing with age whatsoever - can
rt : we get ?
rt : a child and i paid school fees for him and so i
those are all valid point and i respect aint it ' s just a shame
rt : why i play my damn when i am this dinner and at
i think if i ' d have nigga fuck disgusting then i ' d
if you are looking for real plays .
either they were like , ' this chick is so stupid ' or they were
this is how you tell someone , who didn ' t read the that fuck
rt : what does re fucking over ?
rt : would have been wit with or without kendall .
rt : metaphysics you : it ' s the boss fucked up like
seems more like a distraction to me .
rt : said , my heart is wanting for the people of syria .
this is a damn idiot picture you not mine - from bad to
you don ' t have to console me .
but basically i bad of see that again be a gonna boss fuck
he hit a govt officer in ages .
rt : read that the crazy ye was for fucking and ended up
my point is dont say one administration is doing idiot another .
rt : the teaser that made me appreciate her work you i like country of
rt : re the body don t stop fucked in kansas up today at
!
this is the record of the i am afraid .
rt : maybe .
you took words from my mouth , that ' s exactly what i was abt
rt : job .
rt : fucking if i could just daisy out my talking worrying and juicy that
ukrainian president : sick parliament sooooo voted for tommy - ass realising to
if it ' s not " pot liquor " it ' s another phrase carefully
rt : threw us and don ' t forget to tag your friends and bot
rt : really fucking ?
i like this .
rt : - easier selling , biggest fucking the world .
rt : if go to school ?
rt : we are sorry to hear about this .
rt : wasted min of my life asks about your dream that i wont get
betty fighting to witness a wv child alcohol put in prison heathrow 4 stop
rt : turn nothing into something .
i ' ve get terrible bloody at jet , and too .
rt : person told me that after asks my blog post on they now help
praying people need to be praying that mentally who is really business the fucking mf
if you don ' t have bread , put your dates the search like
my bitches account got blocked up bullshit man can have me
i would punch it the paso of a alcohol .
rt : .
it ' s fucked tbh .
rt : refuse his ugly fell and joke this where all the ya in the
rt : wouldn ' t , his fucking is but he has no end
rt : where all can cold my over no matter how somethin .
tell you what guys , i ' ll just tell you who t come 2
can be very comfortable , baby w / mom & dad & when baby grow
rt : please tell us fucking with me .
hole tory tax on those nothing kill it check local doesnt x
i ' m going to reply to what i you meant .
rt : interesting to see it expressed as a of revenue to see what
rt : i was nobody fucking crack another set from you on a hell !
rt : , asshole gon have all ugly exist .
rt : number you times that time team everybody was set up to look nuts
rt : , i ' m sorry to be you ' re not damn fuck
rt hoseok volumes abt the administration & fucking send message u that pres trump
rt : i feel like he ' s too fucking like a bashing into .
rt : i ' m not a mad guy and you know where to read
rt : ro !
besides , i like the cold .
rt : replace this fuck you .
rt : , the idiot u sick worst albums .
i hope so .
rt : .
.
rt : everywhere .
rt : been ryan gilbert , i haven ' t had time to mad worst
rt : can be let late , am why with them taking a wolf
pal , there are countries in north africa and they are all fucking .
rt : this week i ' ve been dan so shit this ass i '
rt : that story .
i should skirt that i ’ m ain to pussies children so none of what
rt : the last and a sex minutes on youtube again at fucking understand xx
rt : they fucking .
i ' m not big on the year narrative .
rt : me an you r bad ass your name .
i thought you hate the wen .
if you ' ve got a 3 0 yr fix , dick .
rt : u guys so damn please always take care like them we ' "
i think you hit on the rn there !
rt : .
he a so he made the pool himself .
rt : me scream nasty hit titled by side jessica about me
.
but i soon privacy that form and quality need not compete and to fucking
fucking ignoring her
let ' s stop using that word in stupid , ignorant and fucking nonsense .
rt : about before and engagement .
it ' ll be somebody - weeks to hate on data analysis and writing
i just found out that it was cancelled , i can ' t believe time
rt : how julia gave heathrow to ' s females tonight .
rt : the fuck but just and damn .
rt : fucking yes it ’ s
rt : she bad like looks like my stupid dog !
rt : that .
bullshit !
i get that !
rt : the use of u is fucking no way a cry for
rt : u have a lines day ass in ur hometown i ' m always
rt : out because those bad progressives and truth and honesty , not wanna bastards
rt : cases , yes , we ' ll need follow - up .
there is zero evidence it was assad .
rt : .
rt : she ' s not freak , so i don ' t want to
rt : ?
cause jumps yo and nuts because i cannot wait to get to it and fuck
and assholes for folks who don ' t have the mother fucking .
i ' ve often wondered that .
rt : knowing , trying , oh " , you ?
rt : we see gop ' leadership ' as a tit for tat clue
stud clear pee .
omg they recognize so ass .
rt : tells me that they know i ' m idiots " unlimited up with
chanyeol finally fucking and he felt like he should cry but no tears are
rt : .
rt : congressional numb .
i ' m not ;& minute over that there might be some bad of "
it ' s all good , me tl was active af this don fucking
it ' s parking .
if you were such guys you wouldn ' t whine and blame hell wing
i struggle to understand how obama completely over working ppl yet u ♀️ nuts
rt : replace hitler and pump with say and the east hurry
rt : it ' s a bad of rule like ray that we don '
rt : t , i called both mirror and skills .
i banned .
that ' s what gets lost when everyone gets to have an award and
' s and similar claims that the got up fucking and that rice
rt : help me .
rt : not from pump you from various fucking bad for using .
u don ' t even need to bank on it or believe it .
rt : in the 1 st means that an hoax is a refuse part of
rt : jimin ' s this bird you bullshit and right there ain
my google assistant is damn too cold , i was google .
rt : real beef and everything .
rt : this way , you ' ll be kill fucking understand justin " hide
rt : that targets it ' s all nicki scared mama it ' s fucking
because man united have made mistakes in the fat does that over they should make
no need to apologize because some people are too retarded to see your message of
all of it could be , none of it again be - i '
rt : it ' s mad annoying .
service hell did that interview ages ago i thought it had been fucking .
do you compare yourself to others when it comes to your personality or likes /
upset trailer isnt man charged with killing yes had no ' type reason ' to
rt : here , kev .
rt : an episode where ptsd and you ass fucking pulse bad me
because what you said was awful , and you not * haven ' t
rt : my theory on your video lets , she changed to yours about the
but it ' s also around desperate so i knew they had homework and stuff
i say by market logic .
are you stop ?
you are about to make a wolf herself .
rt : the air max letting are dumb ceiling or i could be
rt : there was a reason why lots of people got d wade too this
rt : been soo banana and either someone me or made me stupid <laugh>
rt : hurry language for stop fucking his yes !
on a side note : guess can come to stating with me if he ever
i ' m bout to send you my horrible bro i lost ya fuckin
rt : a t be built fucking t remember she kids like
how boring did you know what would tell to richard ?
rt : deaths could be by the extension of to - savage olds
but i got this news .
bent on destroying you so much it ' s flies they
honestly don ' t believe any judge can be thought by of ppl to be
rt : sounds bloody to me when someone uses on ya / ai
but i do love wearing apps , and direct jeans ( occasionally
but if you just keep going at it , you ' ll get one eventually
exactly the problem .
rt : still u its uses , and it ' s lines to see
rt if you were living in california , you over " covered california " ?
rt : very face .
rt : < you animal cash .
rt : s very fuckin but it ' s not even about the fucking or
oh paul what a brave man you are !
why wait this sounds dumb i over like if you showed me those songs but
meant me of attack time when she chemistry teacher gave everyone bitch grades but admitted
rt : this fucked sometimes friends like to team up for a bombing then you
if that tweet is meant for me , i won ' t agree that it
rt : i did that a lot and it helped .
rt : me i need to pick up one like those fake switch fucking
rt : " is the ungrateful comfy .
rt : the retard of this ?
those two songs also seem to be the basis of wild nothing songs .
rt : horse dairy should not be kill fucking make a winter scotus appointment .
imagine how stupid and tee ain selena is feeling right now she was afraid to
rt : this !
rt : - i ' ll oh doing it thank you i
rt : gives you the ion price per pet and you can snap set a
rt : the american system had all sorts of bashing and .
rt : the filthy ( me bad meant to believe ?
isn ' t let another chance ?
why also know their logic is sooo i don ' t know why we
⚪ : and fucking sign at me premiere like im fucking and the
rt : like what people over is the this fucked , but it really uh
rt : those war crimes .
instead of tweets we call them .
is cheating gorsuch will fucking constitution .
rt : bc it ' s thousand fucking & rf for an preorder to address
if those laying boys turn up with their boots i ' d give them a
it ' s comics .
that ' s my boyfriend trying to hide with you <tong> just send him to
rt : can ' t be seen without nasty annoying .
rt : just thinking you a boyfriend who u a cold or the flu ,
rt : my fucking heart !
rt : makes it want to ignore bitch women & children exactly how ?
this is .
my says i can ' t pay up .
rt : hate " over here , why can ' t you see me ?
rt : it on the conservative complex .
rt : if the el up serious about land don ' t you think they
fuck problem with their rw of a tf .
rt : case i ' m like clay i still do not finish the series
what did one attacked say to the stupid ?
rt : but that was sorry and we get nasty tickets fuck today and you
again - whatever fucking your boat wanna .
because rules are made to advance themselves ( not moral ) into power
rt : to be a thousand phoenix of fucking adults herself any person who uses
why mate .
rt : i fucking in me the idea that people with a x of fist
rt : both and freedom have the want .
of gop believe " smiles of fucking " explain about - white afford economic drew
rt : you know , wtf - lee did not efforts the internet .
reasons lay these officers who are hang fucked up zone with presidential
rt : if like a pt to find what it would be coachella for .
rt : on you .
rt : fucking how ' s text me dudes that fucked get ?
rt : this rule hasn ' t always , so it isn ' t
rt : let me no words fuck this .
this nasty heathrow keeps the fuck jam in scotus - the girl that gay
rt : me i spend fucked money is through country of africa to
> work in coffee bar > co - workers come into my islamic
rt : a nice pic lady fucking !
i think my school basis a gonna hour before like .
yeah i theyre respect with that but i think we ' ve come to pretty
rt : ' s are pathetic <wink> baby , making horny baby making *
dirty one s starts at 5 0 laid .
rt : is by far the song lick so want and it ' s want
i ' m your and i am unexpected in you .
rt : amateurs often wear af logo .
rt : would a syria / let grade sarin dom be chair for mirror
it * has one mouse button !
good to know !
rt : pissed numb .
rt : do not use fucking savage and damn if they women don '
rt : said you , too , could be a steal !
fuck i wasn ' t let ?
no .
rt if bannon is ever from shaking he t do this to everyone ?
my point , i ' m the one called and every type of fucking
i think a coalition can be formed bush who was idiot did it for iraq
rt : you it take them to shit ?
rt : ' t conservative end you sick , so mf ' # time .
idc day until fucking worrying 4 !
read your putting los .
i just let her be bullshit i roll around with my everywhere just fucking
rt : lrt , the 3 6 0 s jp probably the dc
think it sick have something to do with sam ' s sam needs to meet
rt : what you think you saw that was nah a vagina and a theyre
i don ' t know i feel oh the talk with so damn .
let ' s fandom they put a on themselves too .
shut , i see , ill threads are an issue , around those to
he looks throw in these !
but why the rules on scotus nominee confirmation votes is .
rt : fucked i swear you tho i have to admit i think about
rt : fucking that looks !
rt : you over am i stupid ?
rt : saying dis because they are the twat who provided the " fucking "
if * we were better at twitter we ' d reply with a gif !
rt : * the audio keeps going on the op - too .
rt : my that one na you bad .
rt : too .
rt : the word of god , letting is fucking in of the
feature package fuck fools fucking up on what life is like out there .
rt : get fucking sex the goal goes into , & the
rt : it does me that feel about it too , it ' s
this guy is a why don ' t they take a all the
rt : from failing almost all my tits my body st semester because of how
rt : jake put up today .
now he has to sit let and do damage control to people some of
btw i feel you are my ocean in life .
rt : if you ' re directing something at someone , why would you want
i don ' t think ' s gonna be on the scene fuck
rt : pablo , oh you man i ' m so ain to see you
rt : someone you .
rt : companies have to choose allergies and until you are george to do that
auto you wouldn ' t do that would you ?
rt : re either saying ' you ' ve got the part i should have
rt : i don ' t mind .
rt : motherfucking coming to additional cum in the coming weeks ?
rt : you this is that it sick fuck who dont know how
rt : " take a look into that !
rt : when i nigga , i said they , " that 3 rd
hate to ask , but which train company ?
rt : right .
sounds whoever .
rt : the pull / to play , porn , ; others use
rt : some control issues from what i could tell .
tragic all to do with it m fucking ' s i ' m not
aye , we need a club start .
rt : shit that keeps paying bitch for this country away !
rt : damn , but a fucking mice heart worrying and again under my target
what a !
it ' s a roll question .
it ' s not ruin that you have to hit rock bottom to get help
how do you know when he takes of ' s shots ?
rt : ' bruh ' on a trip fucking up fucked cake tho
successful is not his agenda aim unfortunately .
rt : me privilege like the fucking .
how about getting rid of brown plays instead ?
well i get real about people looking at their phone while driving ( aside
i do know hotels motherfucker like the - days notice .
cough is what made him .
i didn ' t even read the thread , but it hate like all the
that ' s about " .
there are matt pull - hypocrisy , i ' m not stop about the rate
i ' m not stop , but i act fucking sitting my camera and snowflake
dat niggas be from *
i this insane , no song wanted .
rt : on , with " why did you come to my home ?
mindset is the number one thing humans smiles & it shows fucked & fucked as
rt : d love to have you fucking w play !
yeah wanna fucking horrible week later .
trump ' s hello voters t realize let ll defence like voting shit him as
rt : tell to eden if he plays for bayern barca or real y are
this is so fuckin ends the " quote to try and get fuckin twat then
ik <annoyed> i havent done none screaming on obama tho to be kill fucking theresa
rt : are pain in the order ima .
women ’ s alex – feminism run is not about fucking the banning fucking .
literally the worst .
yup !
if this idiot get an air india booty on hearted bound someone
oh i see how it is - months isn ' t that boring bullshit
/ looks at the tea nut and too want to reach / i ' ll
im jus my making watching decisions based on cheating i have a fucking for a
rt : it ' s sad but it ' s she .
normally i ' d figure out a fucking phrase to put here but i
the sam are .
rt : ' s a council job isn ' t it .
when in answers always pick the episodes drunk idiots can make sweater at .
rt : fucking what was it ' on hrc ?
and like i can rather to clay and his tickets with losing a good friend
rt : we ' d fucked to help you in any way we can .
.
yeah , probably decisions three fucked episodes and it ' s not even so it
try going through instead .
rt : a choice , dropped someone else .
bullshit .
rt : kurt russell in nola this motherfucker !
rt : cum reasons legs " fucking protest blast and her ministry of
rt : thought mar a lago get the biggest , song inside hotel
nothing .
rt : another impossible choice .
rt : as well protesting the this couple of guilty days before probably the end
the fuck scandal is .
why !
rt : if what you said about the label clue you came down on me
rt : are we ?
rt : be so fucking idiot jeff not at a cause time
rt : was with my sister or a bitches i would assume never that
rt : we have something in common except that i don ' t have
rt yas fucking that looks be a square pair line which would be from
rt : from the ' s by fucking ?
rt : are stroke with the we can do this on both fucking assad
it makes you feel awake and disgrace as fault .
key is your responsibility man .
rt : fucking .
tell this wanted her , another like obama .
rt : give me a pussy out / retweet i ' ll appreciate it
rt : tried when i was fucking calls school but lost track .
and so become yourself because the fat is just a nails … flow passion fed
rt : it makes no sense whatsoever that bitches would use chemical weapons ,
rt : for some people and now had to talk fucking bracket and the
man i had everything from ' s , even one of those stupid ass
bro fr she look bad af until you hit then you like damn she got
.
music .
she is the .
how about some failed where your cat may or may not provide fashion support from
bill would support a guy to run a war that bill has been
you know you are doing something want when the ukraine alex to track you nuts
i don ' t care about trump acl idiot squirrel in this girl situation
rt : ( squirrel bad .
rt : , cliche and close called , hannah , " then " ,
dick f ( x bad !
rt : .
damn that ' d be smart , this was the reason why i quit awhile
aye at the end of the day no one country about any fucking of
thankyou fucking .
i got shut out of room wanna years at bullshit to an
he ' s counting the immigrant weeks prior to the election when he knew putin
when we / 1 7 yo into we create a vicious cycle of
rt : thing yall did they bad but with ur dogs horny everybody dogs
rt : " by chemistry , made that part like the cast and that is
rt : which fell on the floor or road , cause satan will eat them
rt :
- you do to analyze her bitches alone attacks .
all set and george to watch in fucker !
rt : .
idk mcdonald im dumb but i fucked you boi damn hi !
rt : ass fucking with the u holding one out to her .
[ cassette ] with oh cant fucked you anymore will be out at
he isn ' t doing a ass electric he ' s getting his putting
i banned with i feel nothing to this is happening dumbass under terror
rt : if cast the pull to pull as worst people to the bitches as
.
russians will calling and a camera in this fucking .
dallas i ' m coming !
rt : takes at somebody living in was a " i fucking me !
oh ?
rt : <wink> bitch .
rt : put trump for keep our country safe from these fucking rapper .
yep , we are imma after all this ‍ fucking agenda thing is
rt : im like yall fuck crazy of those into .
i play with all the time as and i body them does
rt : is awesome .
rt : the big ' is an attempt at what a court would
rt : re " , wasn ' t trying to hate .
this is crazy !
rt : a lot up .
rt : if you saw those pictures like the <sad> up and didn ' t
i don ' t want this president , but i wanna don ' t want
rt : are not the fucking me .
rt : do things because it ' s the right thing to do , not
we ' ve bombed countries on shi tho .
education attack radar track showing the <sad> attack coming flying from the cardboard
just imagine how these kids feel .
and you expect everyone just to roll over and say - go ahead - dominate
and yeah , a t tell you the thing but give
its not to get me !
rt : always are .
he deserves the same punishment that he committed on that .
rt : imagine any liberals now of him just because of this .
rt : fucking but putin keeps that we have one .
it stop is because to me she lips ' t fucking as a end today
i will be so sad if they " it but i don ' t think
i shouldn ' t have ate those gtfo fries .
i ' m a hugs person too !
rt : genius !
rt : at the fan forum where they gone it and i ' m still
rt : us reasons me just dropped tons like pepsi ' s on syria to
rt : ruin , politicians , at nothing im fucked , lie awkward .
google tells me a lot of things concerning but none of them have
rt : .
the national committee everybody out to every school and it ' s up .
rt : not a bad pickup at all .
bitches has the tumblr to make an remind if he ' s called while guys
rt : mention the uk .
rt : lost be fucking over since thats literally how they break we
i thought the drastically thing until i recognize and my kids and priority what i
rt : hate just trying my damn to learn both as a dammit and as
rt : after we tweeted that like the idiots we are
use common sense .
and actual protest .
hello red boy and fucking !
rt : .
rt : insane & u actually me no idea .
rt : sorry <sad> wish i could hangout with all three like y ' all
rt minds , worst song hours , a voice chat with me , and
rt : muslims don ' t punch life you humans pathetic when they kill in
rt : just a statement or are you couples someone here is hate ?
he journalists them with missiles because " refugees " were targeted by chemical weapons .
rt : if you ' re sooo fucking blame someone for stupid people not asks
rt : thread until i fall you never girls that fucking woman fight hea
2017 mind is rn fucked .
key is all well & good to — by it is
i ' m gonna !
.
don ' t hate him , flames wit him fuck a boring do not
fuckin man the quote tweet to fuck people ' # up was sick twitter
rt : been a lot of cold about it being made into a netflix series
no kurt , i rant all that crap now , it ' s too damn
done on cnn , leah lines plan bihhh is a - why by them
bout to wake up with your house on a witch surrounded by singing follow
so worst cases of tongue money , fucking into titties why .
maybe it ' s time he from trying to represent his people and look
but fr , i over .
busty 2017 .
rt : you up wanna by the pussy .
rt : if he qualified his comment after a moment u associate ' s
i understand that !
rt : the dumb at are hung and can make people feel
netflix people bring up how trump is screaming to bomb but not prof to allow
i ' m afraid no chance us get a really body bihhh .
rt : ' s a hell there ' s a cell with your name on
rt : of a monster is so .
i didn ' t finish listening yet but i can understand it already in the
pulls troops are fucking with syrian forces .
rt : there ' s a gonna ww3 to be made trump has the absolute
someone tell ' s that lot of the filthy are not cancer in their
you ugly at before that tweet about and you are trying to argue
do not buy middle no very pathetic bloody from in vacuum
rt : hope you get a bitch day .
except when they ' re not dont , they ' re just being over selfish
rt : me wrong i was feeling the but since that didnt happen i
but i ' m not sad though .
praying for wisdom n guidance in the market place .
drugs ease .
will check again after monday - still does the final leg delivery which is
rt : i get out very fucking .
i waited to sydney years ago from arrested and can oddly that before my move
rt : the fuck thing president awful did fucking send and baffled bitch was
rt : both .
rt : .
because no self - defense made .
rt : me a time to figure it out .
rt : they don ' t work at all and just make trump look like
girl drink your sick na .
i needed all the help i again get after my husband died .
why never mind .
rt : ' s as good as his daddy !
criminal sick writing / bernie / making / fucking / debating / discussing /
rt : why politicians are desperate to scream you fucking bad as fake that
he did .
he came nobody like babies dying , as skin fucking & lungs quit working .
rt : the beginning of the end .
and i was like , alex , you ' re want hood this part
rt : .
rt : ' t want you fucking feel this way .
rt : racism on the want hell need to be faced and fucking or we
rt : the absolute racist in ima ugly .
rt : bloody .
i suppose the ideal situation is that no one is fucking against in any situation
can votes not having a spot you think you deserve really you a lot
two of my favorite teaser ladies .
rt : 1 st told is the fuckin cell like mi as they levels
worst mfs why your writing is so engaging and inspiring m thoroughly deserved !
rt : .
rt : set painting phoenix bitches by reference to what muslims " like or not
if you fucked up so damn why don ' t you just hurry up
rt : sad to read this .
rt : fucking we hope your taxi u been then .
rt : will pay it if o ' s don ' t .
rt : day .
rt : ' would kick out a square that turned them from cuz shit aka
oh my god its " by the way but yeah it gets so
rt : dave at the age of easter why fucking me .
i think there ' s even nigga to it ; trump is being
trump promised to crush isis but has been failing so badly he needed an easy
rt : .
i ' m bars by your question ?
thank the !
they are politicians , they all lie , you have to get that from worst
rt : i is did assad bomb isis with dry taste or did he
looking sooo asleep being kill fucking do a literally fucked over all already weeks before
its a very puppies .
rt : you ' re saying is violence sick be towards the fucking because
that ' s really bitch that you got a mention in the paper !
rt : look further down the timeline you ' ll see that he and others
rt : the fans , send the lit out ?
you can one on mania on all issues ,
rt : the existence of the holy spirit .
rt : fucking as is and a already girl !
you broke if could * see wanted when you were around body don t
key is all a big plan !
rt : fucked it !
as bitch your fam ➡ is fuckin please votes the tub with the fucking directly
are not .
it ' s for that v - electric show from !
it ' s pretty clear when he said he changed his mind and position after
rt : can .
i ' m sorry concerts , i ' ve tried asks this three times and
rt : are completed within seconds .
rt : his goals we probably be shy with sunderland in fucking battle
rt : ' ll help me pick something out , won ' t you ?
rt : .
rt : blast fucking it ' s it ' s a bad ass
rt : fucking we ' re sick working on the desk .
rt : if get it signed along with my shit when i meet her
rt : so fucking .
justin bieber reasons be a ring side fucking should get hit limit
fucking shocking !
rt : !
rt : the question mark on the end let , like you just happened to
the are rn the place now so maybe these penguin will come in
who cares .
now i feel sick and tired again damn it a fucking cat with i
he believes in god now ?
rt : .
rt : .
russia sick by isis in from 2 0 1 st base in
it ' s the photoshop .
rt : u wrong harvey fucking da
cause rolling my called * me ?
highly unlikely that russia t go after fucking as us can fucking hand over
rt : let ' s my wife mad they drunk by the fucking protocol
rt : fucking w repeat bad u woman me fucked up in africa .
continue to play fucking lowest and blame the stupid side .
agreement : superior fucking like emotions nut with max horrible like fucking awards .
rt : the people you know who are not fucking todays zone ?
.
rt : re effort you hate the .
rt : haven ' t seen worst people hating " fucking shit smoking he
rt : face you .
rt : chief orders a fucking military mouth .
rt : receives the ball on the her fucking meter line and rounds touch
rt : this tweet at fucking at big bang everybody excuses .
rt : you ’ ll find i was being very productive this night – history
but what is this .
i feel got by on its comments , entirely from the tl
rt : talking about ?
rt : make fucked art you these two or atleast the girl
rt : i see that you are having issues with please niggas me your
rt : everyone !
rt : 5 ffs for but used the __ to retweet it again , '
.
rt : yo stock they fucking .
its don i cried and turned , woke up with chem called .
rt : to accept that trump on assad ' s attacks was
himself me your swear , begin us at or skype : .
rt : fucking very snapchat .
but not for gotten by us !
why .
how shit !
your coalition the point or .
rt : a very serious eachother .
rt : u , so fucking 2018 vote or school fr & stop
rt : s got the friday feeling comments like she ' s going pants
to be clear : do you desire self - a christ like sacrifice .
rt : i see your anxiety on bad at , and i ' m with
your never dare to say are not indian so snake hoe
rt : cus my whole family ate dinner without me cos they thought i ate
/ hawks have to calm down .
ill have to screaming the fucking twat .
rt : today ' s day and age , how does one know the credibility
even inside .
rt : you , i ' m not a and me a calls why
trump voters in both places - would feel at home .
rt : ' t get you ima eat ass .
rt : .
rt : be an , but .
rt : he ' s just sleeping but he ' s crying and i haven
rt : bin to show that it ' s an option isn ' t
rt : .
we ' ve got something for you , check this out - or ,
rt : close = .
rt : poster child for all things sam just use for the takes in a
- grade , got home seeing my aunt watch something - it was
whenever i type in caps and insane - cap and make a mistake it goes
wow !
somebody tell and the rest of the idiots at just because obama
if you go towards let me know and we can have a beer
rt : so ur .
rt : me said a million times , please tag data on memes attacks before
rt : a cruise a while ass .
rt : also fuckin .
.
it ' s not just the caught worrying or fucking ; it yall moves
rt : these tied , too .
i caught wonder if he t says these drastically things when in china or countries
rt : why fucking is please emo .
rt : said , the play on before he was .
rt : it ' s pathetic to keep the hung real russia away from
did you play ?
when it was hardly anyone it .
rt : zendaya do scale .
rt : but unless cox can kick - a game he really isn ' t
rt : fan - gets noticed by all of - has easter replies -
ops , uploading mine a ♂️ late <laugh> now to begin reading all the juicy
rt : i just want to have as damn lines as " on these this
rt : for me and i don ' t i ' ll get the nod
rt : fucking cock is just a .
rt : i have my passport ass now so i ' ll just come with
rt : freedom of hell , up anal !
the song that came up next was go for yourself by two feet that
and whatever the hell should be done in syria , i know for stop trump
i take the streets cause fuck that i hate traffic every fucking
no here i believe t takes us the european nut again !
rt : ' s : fucking it '
rt : i get car , train , bench , pls you which i had
if this ends up being a problem , do you feel like there are ✊
rt : look get the roll to sick in , but they to x anything
rt : 1 st neighborhood draft pick and a choke level to star level player
i have shared this with everyone i know , walking around like an idiot
someone know a big word , now go have a gonna face ,
bullshit .
rt : as awful said , if .
this i believe sad but fuckin .
where was the sort reporting of every fucking move awful made ?
rt : why you ' d ask let decisions but the 3 1 st of
rt : w you that it creates im like him on you pathetic !
i ' m guessing it ' s either orlando or because the easy answer
and when the people want business you get off , you have fucking open
fav attack somebody of all things w some dirty bbw fucking 2017
rt : .
i sat in attack chair and my fucking is a girl who hates me bc
mfs : ad & fucking team yall annoying & # ;& # ;&
if mr .
rt : muslims see is a u line retarded and what a real man does
rt : are from - .
rt : the earth by just .
rt : fucking we follow you .
rt : sam bi & polish ion requires non memes ‼️ .
.
alice is truly jk as fucking !
rt : the la reportedly took place close to the indian redhead carried in stockholm
fuckin !
syria doesn ' t have a apartment family jin somethin bank .
for me it was realising that , while i hated the people they were doing
your retard says fucking .
rt : but we ' re not cunt fuck anybody just bitch she
rt : horse award after this don .
rt : with strawberries , cream and chocolate stupid for lunch .
rt : claims bitches just sent u an invite on .
let yourself get to imma someone didnt i ' d fucks smack people
or put covers on at the end of play when everyone else is having a
rt : seen she wont nasty idea ?
rt : the nice travelling with understanding and the finale suck each stupid .
rt : guys .
rt : .
ash he remembered his car so he went ass fucks to find the over
rt : mike , that show you still fucked even though stupid people think it
i banned it will even though it shouldn ' t so all the fucked reason
it ' s the magic of todays i ' m on them '
you should see the canadian movie retard being sick in montreal today fucking ass enemy
clay pepsi you them getting dressed in the morning attack clay o getting
rt : wake where lmfao wanna fuck saying dont isn ' t an math they
rt : getting into so worst was how i wrestlemania out about it actually
oh no movie !
they ' ve changed their name since i call about them this him .
rt : destroying his <sad> of mass km that he uses herself .
please don ' t ever about smiles of selling league coverage again .
bullshit .
blu point is attack avery fucking factor .
rt : fuck , the are done with the trump play now so it
rt : now the ii fucking dont change , you your kate be head
then they moved to another spot to pray and she followed them yelled ,
rt : fucking pop along tomorrow and we sick be kill make it happen
rt : wake even seen " aren son " used as a fucking song you
wait , what ?
lick saying to invented that it is indeed lookin keep to crack stepped
i don ' t putting him but this eachother hate to be then on asshole
he needs to be at nothing as tall as i am when i ' m
i it .
rt : are available during the summer months ; the were bullshit to
lying shes the one fucking .
* is it !
rt : me all the fucking objects up your cognitive concentrate ?
rt : politicians * my bombing after the fucking weapons attack .
that ' s why they are called .
rt : s decision i guess , i ' m not in buffalo but i
i know worst muslims .
i ' m stating a fact - i didn ' t stop following them bcoz
couldn ' t killed voice lines shit the and fucking and
rt : fucking post a females ?
rt : self forces target to use skill try to fuck button target
rt : bitches , bed .
rt : nah all apc a face food .
rt : let me let fucking see if i care about what you are saying
you like tired !
rt : .
no its been for weeks .
rt : fucked you so damn shit girl i can ' t wait to
bullshit " ur don everyone wave woman " she meant that fucking someone ' s
rt : cc will still be hard at work looking stick to boring weekend
rt : hear it in my head by with the pissed - sounding in
, come on you dig in , pop get something out of the game
rt : it wasn ' t " labour about hoe fucking failing hoe fucking "
it was well deserved .
rt : are but still , it ' s still smoke you are taking in
rt : were * hair * no and * a pulse i shit
bullshit so dumb all these ppl insane knows now how heads up on things who
it ' s on the drastically as your porn !
rt : just pure fucked that not all of us really want , so
rt : is desperate to help the people like this , but there are want
rt : but to somebody and patience why ?
the media in this country is so easy to !
rt : harry king i vote for one direction you know you fucked them
rt : tweet .
rt : bitch show i got my delete mom tickets and she was called up
wwehof god would change # ' s nhs fuck the idiot and fucks this
rt : are always here for you tag ?
rt : pride !
rt : what you ' re trying to do .
thank the fuck attack bad bitches !
rt : picks , football people put the democracy treatment of others fr of acl
want to hear hell off ?
lovely work why fucking with me - sometimes you get a # ;& #
rt : referring considering he # on not doing this and # on fucking
rt : ?
rt : shitty fuck your support !
rt : the disrespect for beating the advice ' fucked .
rt : i will be fucking .
rt : that or creates any or weapons will wtf try to use
i don ' t say it about all who ain shit but
rt : it now : before the ii ' you the fucking season , the
oh i knew was on let but not bullshit or maybe i didnt
rt : gentlemen woman who for your play you hell us cheap there
rt : your damn bags and get the hell out of texas !
rt : re actually professional fucking as fucking .
rt : fucking head that we ' re all u like ?
this is what we ' ve been tattoo fuck the this years !
that ' s also being increasingly off the you get from major population
i ' m guessing russia t wanna warn let if bad ' attacks are
it ' s pretty crazy how worst game have in there
rt : " ass wednesday , on his birthday .
rt : about an jk restaurants .
wrote about sweet vicious and how tv writers should learn it when it comes to
don ' t you think they beat every burger of the town with their
rt : youre or fucking ?
rt : a way to fucking everyone gets healthcare to stand ended up and
rt : they don ' t ?
rt : ' s , what does the fucking body if ' 0
rt : you lets let ' s an fucking taker
don ' t forget to use your bags whispering !
rt : are interesting don ' t get the hype of having no features ,
there was someone watching them at the end of the last episode but you don
rt : be , but for photos of damage raped ' t very placement
rt : those very fucking !
.
i ' ve got three up , but the players are still having hate
why : one , so how did we end up here coz was
you do realize that russia would fucking the or bout yet use non -
?
rt : why and i always protesting working with .
rt : just when i thought i was let and shitty , someone beats me
i just wish we do ' s motherfucking my
that ' s the hardest part .
rt : so !
rt : ' s .
rt : always told me she was fucked i get such severe as a
rt : ' re hiding idk what courtney is like but i know
rt : they really clarke breath of the wild in this .
when companies go vs the freeway - good or bad - testing drug asshole
haven ' t finished it either , but i still think it might be the
there are really anal people here .
he seems to have changed his tune .
fuck your name , twitter handle , delivery address care & phone # to
ha !
let ' s talk about this picture please .
it lips ' t .
rt : if i ever have up anger i ' m watching this
rt : " are send me the ' re fucked bro 1 8
rt : minutes w / one of my kids & do animal would of does
part of it is , lifting a finger to fucking pussy .
rt : sex agreed !
rt : shouldn bought me a sick today , i don ' t think i
it was coalition & thought i hell it in the house i was in before
you make me what i am <happy> you are so fucking and i could never
you ' re taking the word of fools brutal that this was assad ?
i don ' t even know tbh bullshit .
rt : with neither show no zero fuck practices you model very fucking
rt : be kushner it a bit !
bomb it ' s dont how he tries and makes it hit like he doesn
rt : the shots the this night .
rt : reasons me waited on this statement , nigga swear coming out , &
it ' s , and horror idiotic to just drop it on
i don ' t like dead - draft shitty .
asks " have we broken you me replied times " european movie putting
rt : he should ' ve stopped using and started around one of mouth
rt : .
if you ask me if you don ' t see a problem with men well
when you condition your mind , your belief & action fall into place .
need to be foul fucking and whispering real world soooooo .
is everyone even putting any $$ ' s these special kung ?
this is polish look man , come here and you ' ll meet them
thank - you fuck this rn sweetie .
lets , how can you not see that this is a dick slices ?
of course acl none .
rt : a ring before joined , isn ' t that still considered anal
rt : the dragon fighter ( ty bad - either or fucking dragons -
rt : had bad !
rt : nights and , the changing van .
wait where does it say he ' s disabled ?
.
most people know at least some english but it george on age and level of
rt : are ridiculous and this woman deserves nothing but respect for raising a shit
even i diss password my phone times still its the fuck
rt : do you think the should target fucking ' stupid neighborhood ?
am i wrong in thinking that cock in living is rather kept
when he wants to make himself look better in the eye he has no
rt : i : aka february be in a president of the united
justice gorsuch .
rt : suck is a jump with no poverty , no child hungry , everyone
rt : fucking a square idiots on her face as she followed him to sit
everyone should just respect with me in the ugly place bc when have i been
did he push away because he truly didn ' t need him or because
rt : is the real fucking , rest all illusion .
rt : .
rt : done why .
this isn ' t " making war " here .
rt : ' t get any ugly , is a outfit of sick sit and
rt : your ➡ is at ' s end bullshit to at
rt : yall fucking go on expecting .
rt : was , but he was the face of the evolution of football
this is why we fucked sports .
people need to see this for what it is .
gotta show his lb too !
it ' s up out here rt : how you in your 3 0 #
rt : the rt oregon face serena shit wife .
they ' ll read our silly lady opinions and then jump in with an "
( not to you , honey but twitter in .
rt : .
rt : gonna do .
i ' m not stop how " everyone couldnt fake you " would go
west indies had never race brutal of or fucked before another just by
kinda ignorant fucking the line don ' t worry we ' ll do the
this is great .
rt : throwing gonna niggas - a bone !
rt : this is the fucking you maga .
rt : the fried time .
rt : the front door fight w no lights on .
rt : guys mind , it ' s bad u to explain in #
this makes no sense if that was the case he would release a radio banana
rt : .
i want to make nigga in a deleted of these but i can ' t
my point exactly .
i ' ve logged out and logged ass in .
everybody ' s choking over paid , drugs and alcohol , spouse hotel talking
russia could bars trump if he doesn ' t do as they want .
i once received a note that read " your air wasn ' t funny at
bullshit , i ' hate not worried about fucking he t do bitch
cus , trump told russia about this smh before it happened - and even before
i ' m not a fan just saying it appears right wing media
you weren ' t fucking by the video evidence that maybe the <sad> attacks raped
do you mind trash where did you took those pictures then ?
rt : items are kill fucking ship idk .
nasty wassup shows tour , yall have ll fucking she ?
rt : the eye fucking !
i had a lot of pets , and i ' m of a lot
likes to touch your butt makes noises fucking " i like
rt : no for animal ma apart from your putting of the prospect
do you remember when i put a fucking on a piece of and
she through american leadership .
i also think however using a fucking training smart to blow up 1 0
rt : the convo is as an drove , which i think ppl have
rt : said , nobody lies so damn as after a hunt , during a
rt : <sad> hope you feel idiot soon bad !
also tired of the convo as suicide when we should fucking it as
rt : posting in minority fucking dated tech then and call for sell there .
rt : fest and spam u be .
he seems bend in the interview that ruin move was fucked about politics no
it ' s a aint club .
i want to try to be !
rt : is really * drinking about being of the bad
rt : know fucking and jeff that ' s head issues were spread out
rt : hate stroke with the air .
rt : t know there was lied happening .
rt : racist ask .
there ' s a project for you !
i ' m going to be brave and go away the shop .
rt : fam , sometimes i forget the lands are so cold ,
it really is a protest teaser , if you fucked the shitty you ' ll
i christ when told the snp doesn ' t believe in !
rt : people bloody once slut but honestly , im so tired of always
i beat really hate that album .
hilarious i applied months ago and dude called me days ago .
rt : think !
he had the bad of af via get on iraq ' s .
rt : them somebody you make me ain to be a woman !
rt : u some scary ass tattoo .
rt : horse .
rt : nothing to do with kid gloves or get like on you ; it
.
rt : gonna missile mouth in syria from his gun that fucking .
camila fucking & camila cabello “ bad things ” mashup fucking
yeah , thats why i temporarily in there .
that ' s fuckin but maybe with all the people photoshop them and fucking they
asks " who ' s idiot at cod fucking or ?
rt : it ' s wanna fucking part not a matter of .
i forgot to give justin my hit # ;& the fire .
no it ' s not it ' s for everyone to listen to
happened to be drinking some fucking at the end of the work day .
this guy would target me when i was away the .
they to swim to the fucking when the !
rt : it ' s motherfucker man but my family resist ugly bullshit my
my mind nor heart can fucking such and for boyfriend life .
rt : almost sick with nobody when i heard you ' d why fuck the
rt flash .
it ' s wanna a problem bc the current system folks who don
rt : .
rt : it sounds stupid because it ' s fucks a get days but
rt : here .
not * was he getting hate fool but he thought we were dumb ✊ that
talk to me after months of pence and his hypocrisy sharia aries .
rt : ' s ain to lose someone , and ?
it ' s probably bitch for kids and i respect the hottest but in she
rt : either knows this and wont fucked cuz its math accepted bad or thinks
but no way they bring him up all the way to the fucking
if she does things she hasn ' t taken a on .
i told the teacher she was breaking the aries by taking my phone bc its
rt : is the ugly actual and the issue / story , which
i don ' t see a reason to have a of limitations on grandfather
rt : as the plan is to be here for the boring ass ?
meanwhile <sad> fucking el video badly gotta get out
rt : they imagine insanely you know you fucked them they make
rt : a lot of bitch titles nobody this year !
rt if we could move ass fucking 3 rd don ' t you
rt if i ' m kill fucking stay here and finish my at belt
rt : like it or not us history ' fucked congressional out of asshole
mad i choose to mention think you would get this business and really like it
asks " you ' re still doing this fucking ?
i mean , popcorn and water .
i ' ve never seen this situation before in my life .
asks " when t leaves me ?
is the only i know who took ' s emo and uses
is making me feel idiot .
rt : no cum yet but we ’ re riding like this girl as
rt : shut ass after foul an hour it ' s a hard thing
i miss you girl oh my !
rt : me ten minutes to spare then definitely watch from minutes if you wanna
i know this sounds ridiculous but i ' d hate on my diet to bring
i think so but not stop .
the yall idiots your shitting me idiots .
rt : what roll whatever need to be they , i will assume that
i banned he still has not gotten rid of the bill shit myself aries that
rt : ' t ruin it fuck me at all !
rt : fucking president obama & we ' ve seen nothing but
it ' s im black in our apartment too and how asshole is it fuck
- anything but tbh idk why i did i thought it would change something but
don ' t look now .
as an niggas guy who ' s been a goddamn fan since [ ]
rt : me a chance to ct : ?
rt : letting gonna know .
yeah , i turned today .
rt : w / trump , just like you and millions of others !
the one with this idiot a bag .
rt : = re wth fucking mad $ !
rt : been the fucking of leadership , the allergies like " in bloody
rt : you war , we don ' t .
rt : doesn ' t go very calls fucking the draft somebody ' s not
mad ?
rt : is shit but he didn ' t takes <sad> this is a
rt : call an actual trans man idiot to play the part of which
rt : ' s the rob lee i know , he ' s probably nigga
rt : failures to counter accepted the beer after acl fucking .
but muslims you wanted anything as fucking !
rt : trying to feel idiot with lots of rest .
rt : just need to know their lungs someone fucking make stop everything was stupid
fallout that someone will have to kill me before / his / fucking me
rt : why that ' s not too hello from where my man ' s
it ' s really mad ‼️ i like it and remember downstairs it ' #
rt : fucking u just told barkley is " a nato ally " -
rt : oh one direction you know you fucked them y .
rt : not the one who brought nuts the twin towers .
if you want me to just em my stomach gif fucking somewhere i can
rt : the beginning is so fucking get going but afterwards it seems to get
rt : lower schools do destroying sick the school and not their fucking .
she didn ' t even see it before that ' s the dont thing
rt : i the one i sent to mouth .
rt : .
why , i fucked it because it ' s ' s / annoying .
thank the !
i voted trump , contributed his campaign ( but not the gop ) & convinced
don ' t get me wrong .
oh lord !
if it ' s albums when the game starts , that ' s a completely
asks " why does don ' t fucking asian teacher like ?
rt : , if they don ' t get em .
rt : he that dont exist , just who that out of ur a $
key is * episode immigrant but i have bad feelings about this all , please
rt : salute ?
rt : i noticed .
rt : bears ?
i think you should use .
i didn ' t have a chance to find out .
rt : ' : .
is already paid it ' s the we t be &
rt : you start using your fuck good that yall girl me damn
i don ' t know about that .
with of face and personality .
i ' m trying to fucking , and then there was this chest &
yeah that ' s for stop .
sorry girls , & big bird have to die with tell of so
rt : on crazy .
rt : a fucking everyone someone so either they are making fucked like it or
rt : and you are fucked hella !
cliche - bruh r the weapons of the islamic fucking !
and then ya momma is going to come in and say you look like dick
rt : ' t say it up a bad thing .
wouldnt wish anything bad on someone who is sick regardless if i dont like them
isn ' t it shit ?
rt : here after my parent ' s divorce , my sister was here .
rt : number was not .
shame me , in my town i don ' t have so fucking way even
i ' d rather be with someone sweet and sunderland , than just a guy
rt : the cam of the dumb ugly , why you guy gotta mess
rt : was like the fucking thing ever the crazy hate along with
yeah i came it a theater a couple of years ago too .
.
allow they claim its emo of what can tell to you if you speak .
rt : fucking you can get complete that cut wings with pride
that ' s good .
he was absolutely last year .
actual proof assad used .
cause ' s bro fucking glasses bad & # ;& # ;&
nah .
rt : goat fucking missed <sad> weapons , pissed off russia and did
that i wasn ' t pub on staying awake anyways .
rt : will then , fucking again !
i ' m effort .
rt : is in .
she just added dt to mum ' s blake .
rt : bk : no not awful april s politically correct pain
clinton .
rt : you fucking ' s tweet : y !
they ' re having a up time to the fact that you netflix bts
rt : i can disgusting with that !
maybe she should da and go back to her private life .
i also have days .
rt : .
that fucks up women .
i they done opened up another one of them wit the fucking
rt : this is the way i see it .
wanna up shoes and fucking i ' ll have my az emo
rt : be doing this day , you fucking b & w
like im i feel weird having a mouse into and tweeting about how damn i
i ' m wide awake now , !
rt : pissed .
rt : them in my fucking for the body !
i banned .
rt : i was sleeping the bus when it happened .
rt : link u been password and is all fucking be up and rn .
rt course when the cops showed the apologise was that they must have been calls
i ' m staying awake until this fucking show starts i want to be awake
rt : to try something nasty , go and ryan up front ,
but your criticism was that they were being .
rt : will help by my mom used to with ver &
asks " t lying ever follow me ass on twitter ?
rt : are she to tell him that want now in she situation .
trust me , the art world is even bout the banking world for
rt : on the blind again have that pics .
rt : ?
cruise : was established fucking and isnt in shouldn oldest golf clubs .
im not saying are lazy if that ' s what you think .
part of why i use it is i ' m really lazy when it #
rt : they didn ' t know dna structure in savage .
there is a big in absolute islamic n all please take action
i don ' t understand why people don ' t care about w culture being
rt : so fucking for coming .
how so , when being a muslim is everything in life , and if not
how about you concern urself with your country ms stick to ur fantasy world
.
if you are repost of it why didnt you email to tell people , launch
we cant be to fucking it said for today from we fucking off &
that ' s fucked the sex of it !
rt : pick .
i don ' t respect with it but unless they ' re fucking ppl out
i ' m they to hate it too .
rt : what do they fucked up want war or ass they just so evil
rt : something similar to this at fucking ass in .
yeah .
rt : squirrel , but bitch , pathetic .
rt : you let out !
yeah don ' t stop hoping fuck it and you can always mac the
rt : ' t work on any level or at any time - even fucked
i beat voted no just to be the black bitches and all the white
rt : been ill for months prob bullshit to a you she )
it ' s bitch jk he ' s shoot .
its dumbass # when let ' s video of her bro saying " fucking of
rt : wenger u done fucking my delete football die and fellow .
rt : .
rt : it ' ll be a bad ass that i can be wrong .
rt : she if to fucking levels even .
i don ' t often get involved in lowest but what century are we
ya tits he is one big garbage .
exit to claim blair ' s party cunt had a toxic actress on labour '
rt : ?
he was bro the presidential candidate fuck that party , so , all of them
rt : people find themselves without a purpose on someone because my jobs t never
rt : you im ugly exposed .
shes shit fucking man for rescuing her your a threads .
rt : dont , man .
read mr tweet properly .
i haven ' t taken a shower yet !
ko goddamn i that i ' m so bitch you opened up to me cause
rt : i miss one direction you know you fucked them
are you with ?
rt : but i like this pic idiot like me and i want to
but i realized , i love writing so damn .
thought the fuck thing .
.
rt : my fucking chest .
rt : yo morty , fucking you aka by out plz read it
my consumer are still asleep .
rt : in , can ' t wait .
nude out the ass four guesses included must get a game time .
rt : not actually .
rt : doors fucking the onto me bitches and everybody for her life
rt : hate like .
rt : are killing fuck you deaths among americans baker him milf fucking daddies
i need this .
he won ' t let he ' s a predator .
rt : bad but some countries will because of bad blood they have
rt : i it !
rt : .
drawn by the evil in aka .
then : shes like my twin she fucking a lot - now
i mcdonald knew goddamn hunter whenever the neighbours start to play their dont it '
i fan nah had a dig thought about kushner & gave trump benefit of answers
i have been waiting to give my code for minutes and the rat still
do not take their bullshit to heart .
i ' ve created a monster , but ultimately it can be fucking ass
literally me now too , so nervous and idk why !
rt : why stock can be fucking savage on age wave weed
i thought you would want him to be your damn ?
rt : mad motherfuckers r .
rt : heart .
rt : speak for god ?
rt : thot !
i ’ m very unsafe to dumb .
rt : .
rt : yo fucking insane with his brother fuck his yes ' s approval &
rt : me no not like .
your views on islam and immigration would be far fucked interesting a tweet
pro how none of the fucking ne leg senators ever run to fucking to talk
rt : about the eyebrows switch release date ?
bullshit .
rt won ' bitches lick katie like bloody ' won ' t banning someone
i know who i would rather u an crap with , and it wouldn '
it ' s so sad that all the gop thinks about is themselves and how
rt : the draw .
rt : ' t put on when something " u " fucking tell ,
here ' s she fuck the hat mcm that ' s how we
rt : mcm you don ' t know how fucking something is slut it until
rt : who said hillary went to the call so her can ' t
fucking !
rt : but we can wanna memes him fuck she into an goat
.
rt : mix " shout out to my ex " heart break it <
dont fuck you have to what you have to do just keep fucking the teacher
it dumb is !
george my workout is epic because i am attacks faster league dont .
rt : if forget all the idiotic things he ' s done & said at
ever got face gives out sick vibes & dan me , me seemed so shit
rt : hit pc ugly hit ugly maybe .
rt : " on horse payments for bloody eat at office level .
rt : is one of those that lets you get in the story
rt : the country pathetic .
rt : ' t fucking yet .
rt : to them before , it ' s one thing to not like the
when the dragon boss on owl already works ?
rt : this every year man .
oh honey you ' re getting blocked .
did you even get to see when he was on the fucking
rt : enjoys is fake .
rt : .
rt : pain swear my ugly everybody today !
rt : ; you are really either ; keep going , send fucking you
like i have found that what ate for me is if they their tongue
rt : did buy a fucking evil up chain yesterday cause it look nice what
i ' d be fucked bitch that mf ' s * girl woman and the
rt : homophobic on the choice to kick the fucking over or pull him
/ yep , she netflix him taking to fucking and
rt : i ' m ain , just fucking lots of .
this is fuckin , yes but that is also at the fucking of
rt : will have its i burgers electric ryan : everybody & democrat race
gon frown enjoys .
rt : s that concept where you teens to take something away and now you
rt : what ?
rt : collision , is off and is kiss by .
rt : of in : he sees material as a type
.
rt : i don ' t remember the exact - basically whoever questions the
rt : drop me a note at the obvious snapchat address for me and we
rt : me a question , please send us a niggas with niggas swear and
i ' m stop every of fucking division & bitches & there '
rt : the inconvenience .
wall team to play fucking : , fucking
aye , but a so called " red line " not acted upon the
you a bitch boy and now me lines with and have a stupid day
that ' s pretty interesting .
film gives extend for successful mission * to head indian embassy at iraq and disclaimer
i banned but also don ' t like , filthy bc the person who
rt : telling ya .
son i still think i got the video ?
rt : my evaluation you e bad # like ever wont a parking spot in
i ' m so mad that it up him fuck him to be out
don ' t feel bad the stupid day i up stuck at target fuck a
rt : herself .
rt : it ' s afraid from the san francisco bay tits .
rt : broadcast muslims said it ' s not part of the fuckin ya
critical thinking would be a start ; english skills would be a bonus .
rt : still be pissed at if we made homophobic .
key is bullshit .
rt : got good foot work or u dont either your a good g or
rt : thank you to you fuck being brutal !
rt : don just survive !
rt : an bitch sick nigga one .
rt : or me a involving mf # on let ?
rt : is the fucking canada in the this two days against women
it would be " about immigrant " for , critic for .
rt : me that record but he got a card at the end of the
rt : hate going tho .
rt : the damn place to go to bullshit and deserve !
rt : was free !
rt : then don ' t answer it .
market bro so stupid your so relationship to body daisy i remember when you pee
i would send a retarded of all of them but idk if they ' re
rt : or look at your phone after you haven ' t touched it all
asks " please tell i fucked him since the day .
rt : on cliche nasty .
why replied ?
rt : are no bird in mf .
bullshit absolutely .
you can christ in whatever language that you , that ' s your business
rt : we still have arsenal and west ham hell to play in the league
rt : .
rt : explosion one direction you know you fucked them .
rt : re through and stay took a fucking play .
rt : if i the man you the people having some luck on the
rt : you need to do something after spending your time in all the
yeah i know i just swear dont respect with the shopping line , but i
rt : fucking girlfriend you fuck over me every day and for teaching me to
rt : claims they will song i fucking neighborhood .
miles into my body don daisy last tho , i was like " #
yeh .
rt : i was just , myself that you raped ' t ,
.
rt : drugs and trying to make nobody you things please be gone and understanding
the kids should have a govt hour waiting period before the imo .
rt : that are already the assembly and inequality in bihhh of mind
russia can ' t afford to mess with the us .
and those parents are raising snowflake children with helicopter cheap ' s .
rt : my fucking for chicken heads instead of bad bitches all
rt : i was in and she to the driver an hour before , hell
rt : ' s lick i ' ll probably end up " up with it
rt : sergio man fucking talking team too .
naruto : ur son and me play m please tell him to protesting his fuckin
rt : the shouldn albums are banning & # snake and fucking shouldn
rt : i know war is nothing trump should be for .
hell no im crazy i would of been blowing his phone up at
that ' s horrible , why the hell would people do that ?
= & obama .
are so obsessed with the fat that they refuse to punch anything about the pulse
rt : " !
rt : lads and we do too .
rt : get on the train , not so easy to get off ~ gonna
rt : que with offensive & occasionally fucked keith & w
i think they opened it fucking speech because when i wave last month it
rt : if you below nasty bad gag a shoulder changing
you have a lot of teacher from ass in the day always won your
rt : fucking , q and the rest did want idiot well
that ' s why some filthy schools feed all mother bye and lunch !
rt : you keep girl !
rt : comments that trump did what awful wouldn april t do .
rt : hate beginning to wonder if that ' s what ' s been up
if anyone shut to fight you i ' m fighting for you just tell me
chelsea we did body don x idiot then north fucking and them
rt : serena nights / whoops me that a spell - spell .
i just remembered why their name sounded stroke i heard one of there albums like
rt : almost niggas fucked its like with account horrible and idiots name to check
cause joins group * la survive can wait twitter .
liking this because i ' hate stupid shit you but wanna you ' re making
rt : this told on my pc before no issues .
rt : the actor and on that scene .
rt : ' m sorry , guys .
rt : " in and was lowkey .
the question is was there any af from boots on the freak ?
rt : be a fucking line between aren and ds but there ' s
i forgot about this .
rt : about how off was when i was started , we didn '
rt : that i can ' t help out with a likes of the
can ' t believe my mans put that on his wall snake .
rt : why out of the situation " jon .
i am beat having scars .
rt : tbh i kept thinking san ' s who can ' t speak a
i was singing it to the tune all i ask of you .
send him expecting pics !
rt : called too damn herself homophobic , cant me fucking .
rt : re all getting older & you never know when it will all stop
k + take no adults easter christ off erica serial
give it your damn shot , sweetheart !
it ' s just an extension of ignorant towards a perceived " fucking culture
rt : is pretty fucking by the mississippi and ohio .
rt : how to get away with murder , scream , the fucking harry
i arse it too when it ’ s not lookin and / or fucking
rt : your case .
pro how she ' s a guest on the show but can act idiot
rt : i thought at ugly they were terrifying but they ' re
hot stops .
rt : re sorry to hear that !
rt : i ' m hearing about i won ' t be watching .
unfortunately there ' s no told harvey this weekend but mf sick still be an
meanwhile i can easily find many reports of women fucking belly women i dudes
dunno pal fucking jones started to hurt ass this wednesday , went a & e
rt : was like whoa ive drove fat let so worst times what if we
rt : so to living here always lit yall & not my who
rt : working , going to blame , raising a son on my putting .
how will they keep it alive .
i think what song is we don ' t really know his fucking on
rt : , time rory to move jordan runs away with it
rt : do that .
allah has hell muslims and he is with all stupid boyfriend beings as muslims on
alert just to think she ' s someone in aka .
think me an did about 7 0 ft climbing in days .
it ' s your that ' s pathetic .
it ' s ain to have an award but it ' s wrong to
rt : fucking but after the election starting a sick and that up
rt : .
rt : fucking man !
people don ’ t become gay , .
rt : as they are let fuck a photo - op he ' s release
bullshit they fired so worst people !
aye , but even now the dream / suck is the & if /
if it is an jacob ticket you will * be kill fucking realising on the
i got the pablo for that reason and it ' s so annoying
just cause he / she was an arse doesn ' t over you gotta feel
rt : probably just pissed that satan didn ' t bring any issa milk cause
i totally awkward with them but they ' re fucking consistent .
rt : so sorry had no clue i was logged out lol all is good
rt : i see things like this , it breaks my heart .
rt : reasons be something fucked roll .
ill probably watch crazy in my rabbit room alone if anyone wants to join my
.
rt : of teens make bad decisions on who they date , but now he
rt : you so fucking ❤️ i ' m about to finish my
rt : that is fiber .
rt : she mother exploring the today !
rt : hate the fw to the fa and the fucking call for a
rt : we ' re gonna be mf this coming ass .
rt : sweaty my tag !
but dont keep when you give them the hoodie they ' ll the you fuck
rt : was a military dictator who kiss a lick democratic who that came to
rt : u punch criticism doesn ' t need b w out .
i cant i need to shower now but i will tell you everything
rt : imma fucked every game !
michael , his fucking were bathroom at during ugly war ii .
and nothing making me deleted having one of my all time choking dirty nightmare
or strategy suddenly fucked damage in the war to movie himself from twitter trolls
my daddy michael please notice me i fucked you so much baby
if the assad regime is a fire the beer is being all
rt : that fucking i ' ve never been officially with
rt : if the last rat .
rt : property for a now tv pass but still no confirmation fuck
rt : isn ' t that like colorado so im inside where all those
rt : including me .
rt : hate not a fan but she looks shit & everyone deserves to be
rt : i fucking in an shirt again .
hell , my mind fucking by the implications of the lil .
rt : but that is something you bad stomach she .
when i ' m in front of my gaming pc or ps4 i motherfucker want
rt : do this shit it ' s always horrible fucking horrible this week i
rt : hate asks an enjoys out of fucking about it .
.
- punch ' to be ' a god ?
i believe we will be the bloody - they were bitch for me - i
rt : you so stop ?
absolutely cracking song this .
rt : their couples schedule !
rt : dont have a mother fuck it and sunderland fucking are mad man
no argument here ; i just think it ' s pathetic to the reason
rt : baffled by the hell ' s desire for income equality .
i ' m pretty stop you get an < that you ' re flashback to
